,Unnamed: 0,title,text,subject,date,class
6563,6563, Anti-LGBT ‘Street Preachers’ Are Invading Target Stores Nationwide Threatening ‘God’s Judgement’ (VIDEOS),"Target stores are living up to their name by being the literal  target  of anti-LGBT, transphobic bigots and professionally-offended  Christians,  who are now showing up at their locations across the country. Their intent, it seems, is to frighten patrons into being afraid to use the bathroom. Walking up and down the aisles, and wearing shirts depicting stick figures having sex, they shout and scream about how God is the new judge of retail merchandise as they try to convince people the women s restrooms are loaded with perverts.Below are some videos taken in target stores, showing the  preachers  rebuking people for going to the bathroom. Target this is your wake up call. The Bible says that from the beginning God made them male and female. He didn t make them transvestites. He made them male and female Target, this is your warning. You will be judged according to God s standards. Not man s, but God s You need to repent You will be judged. And if there are Christians in here, supporting this abomination, shame on you!   But you justify this place. You have to stand by the bathrooms because perverts can go in there. Because transvestites allowed. Apparently, God can create a universe in 6 days but can t deal with the idea of someone peeing in a bathroom in a department store.One of these God Warriors, Michael Merichko, was charged with disorderly conduct following a disturbance inside a Target store in Illinois. His obnoxiousness, coupled with the fact he was an unhinged white guy, convinced an entire shopping mall to go on lockdown because they thought he was an active shooter.via towleroadLuckily he was not, but frankly it isn t a stretch to think that some unhinged individual will eventually walk into a Target store and start shooting because God told them it was a good idea.Below is another religious idiot in St. Louis who is too obsessed with the idea of people peeing for his own good.Part 1: Part 2: The Republican party can be thanked for this. If it wasn t for people like Ted Cruz using religion as a justification for hatred, Target would never have had to make a  bathroom policy.  Transgender people have been using public restrooms forever without God destroying the planet as a result. It took Republicans to make it a sudden problem for him.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"May 3, 2016",0
801,801, John McCain Just Savaged Trump On Twitter (TWEET),"Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), fresh off a brain cancer diagnosis that he is statistically unlikely to beat, is apparently all out of f*cks to give. Today, he tweeted an article in the opinion section of the Washington Post, calling it a  must-read.  The article in question?  Trump s breathtaking surrender to Russia. And the op-ed holds absolutely nothing back. Here are a couple of my favorite excerpts from the piece:But once again, President Trump   after extended personal contact with Vladimir Putin and the complete surrender to Russian interests in Syria   acts precisely as though he has been bought and sold by a strategic rival. The ignoble cutoff of aid to American proxies means that  Putin won in Syria,  as an administration official was quoted by The Post. Concessions without reciprocation, made against the better judgment of foreign policy advisers, smack more of payoff than outreach. If this is what Trump s version of  winning  looks like, what might further victory entail? The re- creation of the Warsaw Pact? The reversion of Alaska to Russian control? There is nothing normal about an American president s subservience to Russia s interests and worldview. It is not the result of some bold, secret, Nixonian foreign policy stratagem   the most laughable possible explanation. Does it come from Trump s bad case of authoritarianism envy? A fundamental sympathy with European right-wing, anti-democratic populism? An exposure to pressure from his checkered financial history? There are no benign explanations, and the worst ones seem the most plausible. The problem is the damage to U.S. interests done in the meantime. It now seems that the Russians   by meddling in a presidential election and by playing down such aggression   have achieved an intelligence coup beyond the dreams of the Soviet era. The result is an America strategically and morally disarmed.The fact that John McCain is posting such a strongly worded article about Trump s surrender to Russia is extremely telling, and begs the question: Behind closed doors, how many other Republicans feel this way? In public, it s obvious that Republicans feel they must present a united front against the Democratic Party and forces of the left. However, despite recent silence from #NeverTrump conservatives, it wasn t even a year ago that leadership figures such as Paul Ryan were dead set against him. Given the fact they are spineless, how much pressure will it take to get them to turn against him?If Donald Trump s numbers keep dropping, primarily among Republicans, I think you ll see it happen. And if that s the case, it might not take until 2018 to bring him down.Here s Senator McCain s tweet:Must-read @MJGerson @washingtonpost:  Trump s breathtaking surrender to #Russia  https://t.co/SkWocuF8dM  John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) July 21, 2017Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"July 21, 2017",0
6600,6600, Geraldo Rivera: GOP Will Only Nominate A ‘Crazy Person’ Who ‘Can Never Be Elected’ (VIDEO),"Those of us on the left have long said that the Republican base took a jump off the cliff into crazy land never to return a long time ago. Well, now, one of their own is saying the same. Geraldo Rivera, famed host of trash TV turned GOP mouthpiece, has come out and echoed what we have all been saying for ages: his party is bashit insane. Rivera went on Fox News this weekend and spoke with Howard Kurtz, who pointed out that the Fox correspondent was likely  a little uncomfortable  with Republican frontrunner Donald Trump s comments regarding immigrants from Mexico, considering the fact that it is well documented that Rivera and Trump have been bosom buddies for many years.Rivera said: He is a friend of mine, I do love the guy. And then he said Mexican immigrants are dope dealers and rapists. Indeed. We all remember The Donald s infamously racist tone upon the opening of his travesty of a presidential campaign. It s nice to know that it did not go unnoticed by Rivera.Rivera continued: Though I have a deep respect for him and his family, I could never vote for him unless he moderates that position. It is easy for me to draw that line, I can go that far but no further. You have to be compassionate to this [immigrant] population. Well, that s good to know. One less vote for that lunatic Trump, even from a self-professed right winger in the public eye. Rivera went on to say that he thinks that,  Donald doesn t really mean it,  and then let loose on what those on the left already have known about the GOP s base for a very long time now: I think you have to be a crazy person to get the Republican nomination these days. I think that they have to tow a line that is in many ways intolerable for a reasonably intelligent compassionate person. You have to clear the [anti-immigrant Rep. Steven King] hurdle in Iowa to get anywhere. Steven King is the congressman that said of Mexican immigrants that they have the calves the size of cantaloupes because they are all carrying dope across the border. I mean, if you have to please that person to get past the nation s first primary election then you are doomed to a radical position that will never fly with the American electorate, and you can never be elected. Well, yeah. I mean, even though most Republicans are that nutty and ignorant, there are plenty of moderates who cannot look the other way on such positions, and certainly independents and left wingers can t. Despite the circus that is the current state of American politics, most of us really just aren t that nuts, thankfully.I might not agree with Geraldo Rivera on much, but this time he is right on the money   the current incarnation of the Republican Party is beyond crazy.Watch Rivera s comments below:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"May 1, 2016",0
30284,6782,Trump likely to name Exxon CEO secretary of state - source,"BALTIMORE (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is expected to name the chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp as the country’s top diplomat, a source familiar with the situation said on Saturday, an appointment that would put in place an official with close ties to the Russian government. News of Rex Tillerson’s possible appointment comes as U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded that Russia intervened in the 2016 election to help Trump win the White House. The choice of Tillerson further stocks Trump’s Cabinet and inner circle with people who favor a soft line toward Moscow.  Tillerson, 64, has driven Exxon’s expansion in Russia for decades and opposed U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia for its seizure of Crimea.  Russian President Vladimir Putin awarded Tillerson Russia’s Order of Friendship, one of the country’s highest civilian honors. Exxon’s Tillerson emerged on Friday as Trump’s leading candidate for U.S. secretary of state over 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and three other people. Tillerson met with Trump for more than two hours at Trump Tower on Saturday morning. It was their second meeting about the position this week. The source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Tillerson was the expected pick but cautioned no formal offer had yet been made. A senior official on the Trump transition team said the president-elect was close to picking Tillerson. Trump spokesman Jason Miller said no announcement on the high-profile job was forthcoming in the immediate future. “Transition Update: No announcements on Secretary of State until next week at the earliest. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain,” he tweeted. Trump on Saturday attended the Army-Navy football game in Baltimore, where he was joined by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who withdrew from consideration as secretary of state on Friday. NBC News, which first reported the development, said Trump would also name John Bolton, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, as deputy secretary of state. As Exxon’s CEO, Tillerson oversees operations in more than 50 countries, including Russia.  In 2011, Exxon signed a deal with Rosneft, Russia’s largest state-owned oil company, for joint oil exploration and production. Since then, the companies have formed 10 joint ventures for projects in Russia. Tillerson and Rosneft chief Igor Sechin announced plans to begin drilling in the Russian Arctic for oil as part of their  joint venture, in spite of U.S. sanctions.  In July, Tillerson was one of the highest-profile U.S. representatives at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum, one of Putin’s main investment forums, even as Washington had been taking a harder line than Europe on maintaining sanctions.    Trump has pledged to work for stronger U.S. ties with Russia, which have been strained by Putin’s incursion into Crimea and his support for Syrian President Bashir al-Assad. In a preview from an interview to be aired on “Fox News Sunday,” Trump said Tillerson is “much more than a business executive.” “I mean, he’s a world class player,” Trump said. “He’s in charge of an oil company that’s pretty much double the size of his next nearest competitor. It’s been a company that has been unbelievably managed.” “And to me, a great advantage is he knows many of the players, and he knows them well. He does massive deals in Russia,” Trump said. Tillerson’s Russian ties figure to be a factor in any Senate confirmation hearing. Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, a long-time Putin critic, told Fox News that he does not know what Tillerson’s relationship with Putin has been, “but I’ll tell you, it is a matter of concern to me.” Democrats on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee raised concerns in a memo on Saturday citing Trump’s “cavalier dismissal” of U.S. intelligence reports that Russia interfered in U.S. elections and the appointment of Tillerson, who has “business ties to Russia and Vladimir Putin, and whose company worked to bury and deny climate science for years.” Should Tillerson be nominated, climate change could be another controversial issue for him. The company is under investigation by the New York Attorney General’s Office for allegedly misleading investors, regulators and the public on what it knew about global warming. Tillerson is, however, one of the few people selected for roles in the Trump administration to believe that human activity causes climate change. After Trump’s election, Exxon came out in support of the Paris Climate Agreement and said it favors a carbon tax as an emissions-cutting strategy. (The story is refiled to add Tillerson’s given name in second paragraph) ",politicsNews,"December 10, 2016 ",1
42789,19287,Germany's surging far-right promises to disrupt cozy parliament,"MUNICH/POTSDAM, Germany (Reuters) - More than 8,000 people   including hecklers blowing whistles    showed up in Munich for one of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s final speeches before Sunday s national election that is expected to sweep her into a fourth term. Merkel, whose conservatives have a solid double-digit lead over the Social Democrats, largely ignored jeers from hundreds of left- and right-wing demonstrators to deliver a stump speech focused on stability, security and a promise to avoid tax increases.  Get lost,   Merkel must go,  shouted some demonstrators as curious foreign tourists, in Munich for its famous Oktoberfest,  snapped photographs of the German leader first elected in 2005. Merkel, who has faced down similar heckling at many other  rallies, especially in the former Communist east, admonished the peaceful but boisterous crowd:  Whistling and yelling certainly won t ensure the future of our country.  Merkel defended her 2015 decision to allow in about one million migrants as a humanitarian necessity but said she would prevent a repeat of the migrant crisis by doing more to fund programs in at-risk countries to keep people from fleeing.  What happened in 2015 cannot and will not be repeated,  Merkel said, saying she would protect Europe s borders. At Berlin s Gendarmenmarkt, Merkel s main rival, SPD leader Martin Schulz urged supporters to make their voices heard, saying that high voter turnout could help offset growing support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). Schulz, flanked by hundreds of red balloons, decried the AfD as  gravediggers of democracy,  and said his party, which also opposed the rise of Nazis in the 1930s, would do all it could to fight the anti-immigrant group.  You are our enemies and we will defend democracy in Germany,  he said.  The more people vote, the smaller will be the share of the far-right.   Schulz told Bild newspaper he had not given up hope of victory and 37 percent of voters were still undecided. Support for the AfD, which was founded in 2013 during the euro zone crisis but has won support since 2015 with its anti-immigrant rhetoric, is running around 11 percent. That means it will become the first far-right party in more than half a century to clear the 5 percent hurdle and enter parliament. The AfD, which has already won seats in 13 of 16 state legislatures, promised to reenergize debate there after four years of  grand coalition  rule by the two major parties.  It must get into the Bundestag lower house so that debates happen again,  the AfD s top candidate Alexander Gauland told Reuters in Brandenburg s regional parliament.  This parliament...has become totally boring.  Gauland said the AfD would bring in  completely different political suggestions  after four years of agreement between the parties of Merkel and Schulz on issues ranging from sanctions against Russia, the NSA spying scandal or on the refugee issue. Schulz described Gauland as  shameless . Gauland provoked outrage by saying at a recent rally that Germans should no longer be reproached with the Nazi past and should take pride in their World War Two soldiers.  The language that he speaks is the language of the Harzburger Front,  Schulz said, referring to a radical right-wing alliance in Weimar Germany.  The gravediggers of the Weimar democracy, they spoke like Mr Gauland.  The mainstream parties have ruled out working with the AfD, which may emerge as the third largest party; but Gauland said it would ultimately work toward being able to govern in the medium or long-term. Electoral arithmetic might yet push Merkel into another grand coalition with the SPD, or she may enter a three-way  alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmental Greens. The Forsa poll showed support for Merkel s conservatives holding steady on 36 percent, while the SPD ceded 1 percentage point to 22 percent.  An Emnid poll put Merkel s CDU and its Bavarian sister party at 35 percent, while the SPD was at 22 percent. ",worldnews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
6838,6838, Was The Secret To Donald Trump’s Hair Just Found Along The Shores Of Norway? (VIDEO),"There s an age-old question that has been haunting the American people for several decades now   is Donald Trump s hair real? And if it is real, how does it do what is does? And if it isn t real, where does he get it from?Well, folks, we may finally have our answer. It looks as though a Donald Trump  wig farm  has been spotted along the coastline of Troms , Norway. And of course he would outsource his hair to another country   what a hypocrite.Just kidding! The  hair  is actually just a form of bunch grass, but the resemblance to whatever that is on top of Trump s head is remarkably uncanny.There s currently a ridiculously hilarious video making the rounds from VGTV out of Norway that has been asking this hair-raising question. They, of course, explain what it actually is you are seeing, but the video itself it pretty damn gut-busting as they super-impose video and images of Trump defending himself over and over, telling people his hair is, in fact, real. Although, with as much lying as the Republican front-runner has been doing lately, who knows, really?Let s just say this is a nice break in the monotony of the insane that we ve had to endure for the past few months.Enjoy!Watch the silly video explaining it all here:Featured image via video screen capture  Scott Olson/Getty Images",News,"April 18, 2016",0
8798,8798, Virginia Republicans Want To Verify Kids’ Genitals Before They Use School Bathrooms,"Conservative Christian lawmakers in Virginia have gotten extremely pervy and filed a transphobic bill this week that would force schools to verify a child s genitals to ensure that they re using the restroom that agrees with their  correct anatomical sex. Sponsored by Republican Del. Mark Cole, House Bill 663 (otherwise known as  Use of restroom facilities; penalty)  would prevent transgender students from using the bathroom that matches their gender, defining  anatomical sex  as the physical condition of being male or female, which is determined by a person s anatomy.  The bill states: Local school boards shall develop and implement policies that require every school restroom, locker room, or shower room that is designated for use by a specific gender to solely be used by individuals whose anatomical sex matches such gender designation. Under the legislation, schools would be given the discretion and flexibility of letting students use a  single stall restroom  or  controlled  access to an empty restroom. The penalty for students who use the wrong restroom could be a fine of $50.Since the bill s filing, many have raised questions about how exactly the Republicans intend to verify a child s anatomically corresponding restroom. After the bill was proposed, civil rights advocate Tim Peacock criticized the bill, stating that  adults would be required to inspect children s genitals before they use the bathroom  for the law to be enforced. Peacock warned that the bill violated children s privacy, and was completely inappropriate and unnecessary: This is what the conservative movement has devolved into: forcing children to allow adults to examine their genitals out of misplaced fear that transgender kids and adults might commit a hypothetical never-before-seen act of violence or sexual aggression (that would still be against the law with or without transgender protections). This is just the latest   and certainly not the last   assault on transgender people by the religious right. In the past, Republican Colorado lawmaker Gordon Klingenschmitt tried (many times) to prevent transgender people from having access to public restrooms. Even Republican presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee has disrespected the trans community and made a disgustingly insensitive joke by saying he wished he d been able to say he was transgender in high school so he would have been able to shower  with the girls. Transgender people are becoming a target for the God-fearing Republican party more and more often, and protections must be put in place to control these outbursts of bigotry.Featured image via Mark Cole Facebook page",News,"January 12, 2016",0
12764,12764,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: UNDERCOVER VIDEO Shows NY Dem Elections Official Explain STUNNING Voter Fraud Scams In Minority Areas…No ID’s…Absentee Votes,"This video will leave you breathless, as you watch a NY Democrat out the Democrat party and the unbelievable voter fraud the commit. Mayor DeBlasio and Hillary should be sharing a cell together! The Manhattan Democratic representative on the city s Board of Elections was caught on a secret video slamming Mayor Bill de Blasio s municipal ID program as contributing to  all kinds of fraud    including at the polls. He gave out ID cards, de Blasio. That s in lieu of a driver s license, but you can use it for anything,  Commissioner Alan Schulkin said in the undercover video recorded by a muckraker for conservative nonprofit Project Veritas. But they didn t vet people to see who they really are. Anybody can go in there and say,  I am Joe Smith, I want an ID card,  he said in the bombshell tape. It s absurd. There is a lot of fraud. Not just voter fraud, all kinds of fraud . . . This is why I get more conservative as I get older. Schulkin didn t hold back to the undercover journalist, who identified herself as a political consultant at a United Federation of Teachers holiday party on Dec. 16.Not realizing he was being recorded, he broke with his own party s position that voter ID requirements hurt the poor and minorities.Schulkin said he backed the IDs to prevent rampant fraud. The law says you can t ask for anything. Which they really should be able to do,  Schulkin said, according to a copy of the video and transcript provided to The Post. I believe they should be able to do it,  he added.The videographer asked point-blank,  You think they should have voter ID in New York? Schulkin responded,  Voters? Yeah, they should ask for your ID. I think there is a lot of voter fraud. Conservatives claim ID checks help curb voter fraud.Liberal and civil rights groups argue such rules discourage voting and discriminate against minorities and the poor. You know, I don t think it s too much to ask somebody to show some kind of an ID . . . You go into a building, you have to show them your ID,  Schulkin said.While discussing the potential for fraud, Schulkin volunteered that in some parts of the city,  they bus people around to vote . . . They put them in a bus and go poll site to poll site. Asked which neighborhoods, Schulkin said,  I don t want to say. When the undercover mentions black and Hispanic neighborhoods, Schulkin responded,  Yeah . . . and Chinese, too. At another point in the conversation, he discussed potential absentee ballot fraud. Oh, there s thousands of absentee ballots . . . I don t know where they came from,  he said.The undercover offered that  people can cover their faces  to shield their identity when voting, which triggered a conversation about burqas. The Muslims can do that, too. You don t know who they are,  Schulman said. Via: NYP",politics,"Oct 11, 2016",0
7859,7859, SC Woman Dies Of Thirst In Jail After Cops Yank Her Out Of Hospital Over Outstanding Court Fines,"Joyce Curnell s family has been destroyed by South Carolina law enforcement after she was forced to spend 27 hours of pure torture in a jail before being murdered by the state. I say murdered because what she was subjected to is nothing short of an execution.Curnell had gone to the hospital for stomach pain that was diagnosed as gastroenteritis. That, aside from the several other medical conditions she had, put her in a severe state of illness. Somehow, it got out that she had an arrest warrant over unpaid court fees while she was in the hospital. State officials dragged her off to a jail while she was in a severely fragile state of health. While in the jail, she underwent the cruelest and  most unusual punishment imaginable.After being locked in a cell, her health started to deteriorate rapidly. She became so ill she couldn t eat, drink, or even call for help. Jail officials asked for medical staff to help her, but their requests went ignored. She couldn t even make it to the bathroom on her own. The fact she was vomiting all night didn t phase medical officials, and she was given just a trash bag to vomit into as she lay suffering.27 hours later, Joyce Curnell was dead because of a combination of draconian policing and wanton cruelty.Joyce s death could have been prevented with a simple treatment of IV hydration. Doctors recommended this as she was removed from the hospital, but jail medical staff ignored their recommendations. Instead of being allowed to remain in the jail s medical facility, she was put in general housing and no treatment was given as her life slipped away.Joyce s rights were denied her under both the Bill of Rights, and South Carolina state law, and it resulted in her death. Medical experts have said that her death was caused by dehydration from her inability to drink water and the denial of one of the simplest medical treatments that exist.Curnell s family is planning to sue the jail s medical contractor, Carolina Center for Occupational Health, for malpractice. The filing included the statements of a local doctor that said Curnell s death was caused by dehydration due to a lack of treatment.Featured image via death and taxes",News,"February 25, 2016",0
43683,20181,"Five militants, two soldiers, killed in Egypt's Sinai","CAIRO (Reuters) - Five militants and two soldiers were killed on Wednesday in clashes that followed a failed attack on a security checkpoint in Egypt s strife-torn North Sinai province, a military spokesman said. Troops were seeking some of the militants who fled the scene during the clashes, the spokesman said in a statement.   One of the militants, wearing an explosive vest, attempted to raid one of the security checkpoints and due to the vigilance of the security forces the terrorist was killed while the rest of the militants were dealt with,  he said.  Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, with its news agency Amaq saying one of its militants had set off a suicide vest at a security checkpoint. An Islamist insurgency in North Sinai has gathered pace since mid-2013 when the military ousted Islamist president Mohamed Mursi after mass protests against his rule and the group leading it pledged allegiance to Islamic State a year later. Hundreds of soldiers and police have been killed since and in recent months the attacks extended to Coptic Christians, who make up 10 percent of Egypt s 90 million population. ",worldnews,"September 13, 2017 ",1
1204,1204, Republican Senator BLASTS Trump’s Administration For ‘Unconstitutional’ Attempt To Hide Information From Congress,"President Trump is pissing off a lot of his fellow Republicans with his inability to cooperate with normal, law abiding governmental business, and some are giving the president a piece of their minds.The President s legal team has been trying to limit the ability of Congress to obtain crucial information from the Executive Branch, and Sen. Chuck Grassley openly blasted them for it.The Senator lets loose in a 7-page letter on June 7th.  This is nonsense,  said Grassley, slamming them for their violations of the separation of powers and trying to get around the checks and balances that are crucial for U.S. government to run.The June 7th letter is a heated statement from a pissed off lawmaker about White House s Office Counsel opinion that the President and his staff should be able to flat out deny information requests from anyone other than the chairmen of Congressional committees.Senator Grassley s view is that it s total bullshit, and basically a way for the Whitehouse to cover up whatever it wants. It erroneously rejects any notion that individual members of Congress who may not chair a relevant committee need to obtain information from the Executive Branch in order to carry out their Constitutional duties. It falsely asserts that only requests from committees or their chairs are  constitutionally authorized,  and relegates requests from non-Chairmen to the position of  non-oversight  inquiries   whatever that means. For OLC to so fundamentally misunderstand and misstate such a simple fact exposes its shocking lack of professionalism and objectivity. Indeed, OLC appears to have utterly failed to live up to its own standards. You are being ill-served and ill advised. The whole process of checks and balances relies on the ability of any member of the U.S. Senate or House of Representatives to be able to request and obtain any needed information from the executive branch. The powers vested in the Congress   both explicitly and inherently by the Constitution   impose significant and far-reaching responsibilities on the people s elected representatives,  he said.  They include the authorization and appropriation of federal funds, the organization of federal departments, the enactment of laws executing the enumerated powers, the confirmation of nominees, the impeachment and removal of officers, and the investigation of the execution of the laws and of waste, fraud, and abuse in federal programs. These responsibilities are all forms of oversight, all mechanisms that support the legislative check and balance of the executive power. All members participate in deciding whether, when, and how Congress will exercise these authorities. Grassley goes on to explain that by selectively deciding who it will respond to, the Executive branch is spitting in the face of transparency, discouraging bipartisanship, and getting in the way of the ability of our representatives to effectively do their jobs. Information requests are not hostile threats, they are how Congress makes decisions and does it s job.Senator Grassley concluded the letter by asking that the OLC take back the request altogether. It harms not just the Members who happen to be in the minority party at the moment, but also, Members in the majority party who are not currently Chairmen. It obstructs what ought to be the natural flow of information between agencies and the committees, which frustrates the Constitutional function of legislating. Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"June 9, 2017",0
23756,254,Civil rights pioneer to eschew museum opening after Trump says will attend,"(Reuters) - Longtime U.S. congressman from Georgia John Lewis, who marched with Martin Luther King Jr. in the 1960s, said on Thursday that he would not attend the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum this weekend because President Donald Trump planned to attend. “President Trump’s attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum,” Lewis said in a statement. The statement by the Georgia Democrat, who has served in Congress for 31 years, and Mississippi Democratic U.S. Representative Bennie Thompson mentioned Trump’s “disparaging comments about women, the disabled, immigrants, and National Football League players.” Trump said earlier this week that he would attend the opening of the museum in Jackson, the state capital.  The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) has denounced Trump’s planned attendance.  Lewis and Thompson said in their statement that Trump had  shown “disrespect” for people who fought for civil rights in Mississippi. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders, responding to the Lewis-Thompson statement, said, “We think it’s unfortunate that these members of Congress wouldn’t join the president in honoring the incredible sacrifice civil rights leaders made to right the injustices in our history. The President hopes others will join him in recognizing that the movement was about removing barriers and unifying Americans of all backgrounds.” ",politicsNews,"December 8, 2017 ",1
17477,17477,"REMEMBER “Pam” From “The Office”? The Real-Life Actress, Jenna Fischer, Just Got CALLED OUT On Twitter For Using Bad Information To Bash Trump’s Tax Bill","Jenna Fischer is best known for playing the very likeable character,  Pam , in the hit series  The Office . Actress Jenna Fischer decided to use her huge fan base of over 750,000 followers on Twitter to point out how the GOP Tax bill that President Trump worked so hard to push through was punishing teachers. The only problem is, Fischer s tweet was incorrect.Maybe she should stick to comedy.Actress Jenna Fischer, best known for her role as Pam on NBC s  The Office,  found herself in hot water after she shared inaccurate information about the GOP tax bill on Twitter. I can t stop thinking about how school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes something they shouldn t have to pay for with their own money in the first place. I mean, imagine if nurses had to go buy their own syringes. #ugh,  Fisher tweeted on Saturday.After Fischer got destroyed on Twitter for posting bad information, she DELETED her tweet.Twitter users were quick to point out that Fischer was misinformed; the $250 school supplies deduction was included in the bill.Please don't spread half-truths! Teachers will still have up to a $250 deduction for supplies with the new plan! It's not enough but it is still something.  Matt Campbell (@mcampbell77) December 23, 2017The 43-year-old followed up her tweet writing,  It was capped at $250 which is woefully insufficient especially considering they shouldn t have to go out of pocket at all. #iloveteachers. It was capped at $250 which is woefully insufficient especially considering they shouldn't have to go out of pocket at all. #iloveteachers  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 24, 2017However, the actress was still incorrect and the Twitterverse was more than happy to correct her.  Fox NewsThis tweet is 100% wrong, because the final bill KEPT this deduction, but 14,000 RT s later  https://t.co/nanRynSOWu  Matt Rossetto (@mdrossetto) December 24, 2017It s been $250 for years. Nothing changed.  Jason Ensley (@JasonKensley) December 24, 2017To her credit, Fischer admitted she was wrong and even made a formal apology on Twitter for posting information that was not accurate about the GOP tax bill.Thanks for your tweets! I had some facts wrong. Teachers surveyed by Scholastic in 2016 personally spent an average of $530 on school supplies for students. Teachers who worked at high-poverty schools spent an average of $672. The tax deduction was capped at $250.  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 25, 2017I've deleted a tweet and would like to issue an apology. Please read and re-tweet to help me spread the word! Thanks! pic.twitter.com/R6CNyn4bVV  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 27, 2017This isn t the first time actress Jenna Fischer expressed his dislike for President Trump and his policies. On November 30, Fischer attempted to capitalize on the anger her followers may have had about two Britain First videos that President Trump re-tweeted, by asking them to donate to Miry s List, a group who welcomes refugee families to America.If you were upset by the President's tweets yesterday, please consider making a small donation to Miry's List   they are trying to raise $75,000 to welcome 100 refugee families by the end of the year. They do good work and I'm proud to support them. https://t.co/XuIrMr5uGW  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) November 30, 2017 ",left-news,"Dec 27, 2017",0
18934,18934,"BRITAIN’S ISLAMIC REALIST Tommy Robinson Tears Into Leftist Reporter: “50,000 British Muslims Downloaded A Terrorist Magazine Last Year…These People Are Waging War On Us!” [VIDEO]","Former English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson went to town on a reporter today after he was interrupted in the midst of a Rebel Media interview at the scene of the London terror attack.Robinson was speaking with Rebel Media s Caolan Robertson on the unsurprising nature of the incident in light of the suspected perpetrator s identity being released. This isn t a shock to me,  said Robinson.  I don t understand people who are surprised by this. We have over 3,000 Muslims who are monitored 24 hours a day 7 days a week at a cost of nine billion [pounds] a year. We re following them, waiting for them to do this. As Robinson continued to rant, a crowd apparently formed around him and began filming. Among them was a reporter who quickly took the offense against Robinson. Do you have information that no one else seems to have?  inquired the reporter. I have information that shows there was four terrorist attacks last week in France,  shot back Robinson.  There was 12 planned last year. Driving your car like this man has done is exactly what the  Inspire  magazine, which is Al Qaeda s magazine, which was downloaded by 50,000 British Muslims last year  50,000 British Muslims downloaded a terrorist manual.   Milo",left-news,"Mar 22, 2017",0
3759,3759," Whoopi Goldberg Gets PISSED, Gives Trump The Reality Check We’ve All Been Waiting For (VIDEO)","The appointment of several white supremacists and controversial political figures to Donald Trump s administration has terrified Americans across the country. Two of Trump s latest appointments are Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions as Attorney General and retired Army lieutenant general Michael Flynn for national security adviser, and Whoopi Goldberg wasn t afraid to voice her opinion on why this  pisses her off  on The View.In response to the xenophobic, racist tone Trump s cabinet has taken with its new appointments, Goldberg disagreed with Paula Faris  suggestion that the upcoming meeting between Mitt Romney and Donald Trump symbolized some sort of peaceful agreement between the former rivals. Goldberg told Faris: Goldberg: I m sorry baby, when you see these I m an optimist too. This does not make me optimistic, this pisses me off. Addressing the hate speech that Trump and his team have spewed for over a year now, Goldberg gave a brutal reality check to anyone who said they were trying to put stuff behind  them and accept the fact that we now have a racist dictator coming into the White House who wants to Make America White Again. Goldberg dropped the perfect truthbomb when she said: Black people are not going anywhere, they are not going to be slaves anymore so get that out of your head. Muslims, who were born here as Americans, are not going anywhere. We re not going anywhere, I don t know why you don t get this part. It was perfect, and exactly what Trump and his minions needed to hear. Joy Behar backed Goldberg up and recalled that people are still being harassed in different areas of the country. She said: What kind of country is this now. People better not sit back and just take it because they have all the power in the White House, in the Senate, in the House of Representatives, the FBI is in their pocket. We have to be the loyal opposition in this county. That s what we re here for. You can watch this brilliant segment below:Featured image via Mark Wilson and Monica Schipper / Getty Images",News,"November 18, 2016",0
2738,2738, Congresswoman BLASTS GOP For Confirming Lifelong Racist Jeff Sessions On First Day Of Black History Month (TWEETS),"Many people observe Black History Month by learning about important African-American figures in our nation s history or otherwise doing something that isn t horrible   then there are Republicans, who have their own ways to celebrate.Donald Trump spent Wednesday hanging out with all the black people he has paid and bribed to like him and having them shower him with compliments. While treating African-Americans as nothing more than subservient praise machines is, oh, let s just say  bad,  The Donald s friends on the Senate Judiciary Committee spent the early part of theirconfirming lifelong opponent of civil rights Jeff Sessions day as Attorney General (every Democrat voted against him).Sessions  confirmation   especially on Wednesday or any day during Black History Month   was a slap in the face to African-Americans and all who care about equal rights in this country. Many have criticized Republicans for their decision to consider Sessions   who was once deemed too racist to be a federal judge because he threw the n-word around and liked calling African-Americans  boy    at all, but the GOP was perfectly happy to push his nomination through.Following Sessions  ascension to a post that, to use terms familiar to him, is just below  Grand Wizard,  Rep. Barbara Lee took to Twitter to put Trump and his GOP Klavern on blast. Trump says he s  honoring  #BlackHistoryMonth How? By nominating Jeff Sessions as AG? Or by promoting alt-right leader Steve Bannon?  she wrote in one tweet, adding that The Donald is  paying lip service  to Black History Month while propping up racist Sessions and longtime white supremacist Steve Bannon and their ideas.Trump says he s  honoring  #BlackHistoryMonth. How? By nominating Jeff Sessions as AG? Or by promoting alt-right leader Steve Bannon?  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017Here s an idea @POTUS : Instead of offering lip service this #BlackHistoryMonth, why not work with @OfficialCBC to end systematic racism?  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017 If you truly want to honor Black History Month,  she tells Trump,  you should start by apologizing to civil rights hero Rep. John Lewis,  whom Trump attacked repeatedly for the entire weekend preceding Martin Luther King Day.President Trump: if you truly want to honor #BlackHistoryMonth, you should start by apologizing to civil rights hero @repjohnlewis.  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017 On 1st day of #BlackHistoryMonth, GOP Senators on Judiciary voted unanimously for Jeff Sessions  AG nomination. This is a slap in the face,  she added.On 1st day of #BlackHistoryMonth, GOP Senators on Judiciary voted unanimously for Jeff Sessions  AG nomination. This is a slap in the face.  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017This is a slap in the face to African-Americans, but we can not expect Trump or his GOP cronies to do anything for African-Americans at all, let alone apologize for the attacks on Lewis or fight any kind of racism. In fact, the man they just confirmed as AG is more likely to continue the GOP s mission of eroding African-Americans  civil rights while promoting his and Donald Trump s white supremacist agenda.Featured image via screengrab",News,"February 1, 2017",0
12781,12781,TRUMP NAILED IT! Everyone’s Calling THIS The Best Line Of The Night..Mic Drop Moment…[Video], ,politics,"Oct 9, 2016",0
245,245, A New Low: Trump Exploits Las Vegas Shooting To Raise Money For His Campaign (TWEET),"Donald Trump doesn t exactly hide the fact that he s a sociopath. Just looking at the most recent events this country has faced, we ve witnessed the President of the United States turn his back on human suffering and be completely indifferent to those in need. As we saw with the hurricane that ravaged Puerto Rico and the Las Vegas massacre, Trump is constantly missing in action and spending more time on Twitter than actually doing his job. That s why the latest move by Trump and his campaign shouldn t surprise anyone, even though it s downright heartless.On Saturday, Trump s campaign sent out a fundraising email that was so disgusting, it immediately drew attention on Twitter. In the email, Trump exploited the mass shooting in Las Vegas to raise funds for his pathetic re-election campaign. In the Trump-Pence Weekly Newsletter, the Trump campaign spoke to potential donors and supporters of Trump, mentioning Trump s recent visit to Las Vegas. The emails said: Our nation is still in shock and mourning following the massacre of 58 concertgoers and hundreds of others injured in Las Vegas. Then, the email states that Trump and First Lady Melania had spoken to victims and given credit to first responders. We know that your sorrow feels endless. We stand together to help you carry your pain. You can catch a glimpse of the horrific email below:Unreal: the Trump campaign just sent an email using the Las Vegas shooting to fundraise for the campaign. pic.twitter.com/MWYu0Sa3VF  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) October 7, 2017Trump has been doing fundraiser after fundraiser in preparation for his re-election campaign, which is somewhat hilarious considering that his approval rating just hit a new historic low. One thing is for sure, though   if Trump wants to appeal to the American people, he might want to stop exploiting tragedies for his personal gain.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",News,"October 8, 2017",0
13779,13779,"¡VIVA LA REVOLUTION! As Venezuela Collapses Under Socialist Rule, Dictator Maduro Endorses Fellow Socialist Bernie Sanders","The leader of the worst economy on the planet is endorsing fellow Socialist Bernie Sanders. Let that sink in Yes It s  A future you can believe in  if you re an abject idiot who doesn t have access to a single news source. VENEZUELA TODAY: The army has moved in, Coca-Cola has stopped production and inflation is expected to hit 500 per cent.Venezuela s economic crisis has ratcheted up a gear in the last week after President Nicholas Maduro deployed the army to strategic areas for two days of  war games  designed as a show of strength to a population increasingly pitted against him.The drastic escalation follows a major deterioration in the country s finances that have seen widespread shortages of food, basic goods and power cuts, fueled by years of economic mismanagement and corruption that have seen unemployment skyrocket to 17 per cent as the oil price has plummeted.University College London s leadership professor Marco Aponte-Moreno, who was born and raised in Caracas, told news.com.au the past few days had seen the stakes raised for both corrupt officials and those dying from lack of food and medicine in his home country. The stakes are very high [for the government] if they lose power,  he said, adding that many involved in illegal activities could be charged and taken to trial. The situation has become a matter of life and death for the government and also a matter of life and death for the people because people are dying because they don t have their medicines, the water they need. It s very sad to see the country like this, especially when you take into account that this is a country that has large natural resources. I have to admit it isn t a surprise. Corruption, shortages are things that are not new in Venezuela but they have never reached this level before. Via- News.comauVenezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has endorsed fellow socialist Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., for president, calling him  our revolutionary friend. In a televised address on Tuesday, Maduro criticized the U.S. election system, which he called  archaic,  for putting Sanders at a disadvantage. If the elections were free,  Maduro said,  Bernie Sanders would be president of the United States. Socialist Venezuela, which has been criticized for lack of transparency in elections, frequently denounces the U.S. government and accuses it of imperialism. The South American country is also prone to blaming its economic woes on Washington, and the two countries do not exchange ambassadors.Is this the America so many college students are dreaming of?Venezuela teeters on the brink of collapse, with low global oil prices contributing to massive shortage of basic goods like flour and toilet paper. The government recently moved to a two-day work week for public employees in an effort to conserve electricity.Maduro, who has publicly denounced President Barack Obama, said Sanders  ought to win in the United States.  The Vermont senator trails frontrunner Hillary Clinton and has little chance of amassing the delegates needed to receive the Democratic nomination. Via: The Olympian ",politics,"Jun 2, 2016",0
3289,3289, Chrissy Teigen Hilariously Fires Back At Trump’s Pathetic Whining About Celebrities Rejecting Him,"Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by Chrissy Teigen.On Thursday, Trump responded to reports that his team is desperate for A-list celebrities to perform at his inauguration because none of them want to be there.The so-called  A  list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016Trump is literally pretending that all A-list celebrities actually do want to be there, but he wants us to believe that he is the one rejecting them. It s really pathetic.Well, model Chrissy Teigen thinks it s pathetic, too, and she had no problem slamming Trump for it on Twitter.Hi   we are people. You are our president too. I don t want you to be, but u are. Also we ALL know you are dying without the approval, dear https://t.co/NaVU1iDban  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) December 23, 2016But have fun with DJ Buttcrack spinning the hot shit and Lil Banana dropping bars at your inauguration https://t.co/NaVU1iDban  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) December 23, 2016Teigen is not wrong. Celebrities are people, too.Of course, Trump supporters attacked Teigen and her husband John Legend and she had no problem mocking them either.Apparently, many have been telling her that she isn t an A-list celebrity. So, she set them straight.I just have floods of people saying I am not a-list. I thought it was obvious I was talking about john but nothing is obvious to deplorables  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) December 23, 2016And just for the record, Teigen may not be an A-list celebrity but she s an A-list human being.One Trump supporter attacked her husband s education. YUUUGE mistake.John went to the same University as the Donald, silly billy. Only difference was John went at the young age of 16 ? https://t.co/xKXcSavhix  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) December 23, 2016One Trump supporter even sent Teigen a threat.Retweeting for reference, just in case! https://t.co/MRvaUtOgGT  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) December 23, 2016Donald Trump and his supporters are truly pathetic and deplorable.Featured Image: Twitter/Flickr",News,"December 23, 2016",0
33152,9650,Former Republican presidential hopeful Graham: won't back Trump or Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator and former presidential hopeful Lindsey Graham said on Friday he could not in “good conscience” support Donald Trump for the presidency, but that he also would not back Democrat Hillary Clinton. “I absolutely will NOT support Hillary Clinton for President,” Graham said in a post on Twitter. “I also cannot in good conscience support Donald Trump because I do not believe he is a reliable Republican conservative.” ",politicsNews,"May 6, 2016 ",1
31778,8276,"Former Canadian PM rebukes Trump on NAFTA, predicts his defeat","TORONTO (Reuters) - Former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney on Sunday criticized Donald Trump’s potential plan to scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and said the U.S. presidential candidate will likely lose the Nov. 8 election.  Speaking on CTV’s “Question Period” politics talk show, Mulroney, who in the 1980s signed a Canada-U.S. free trade deal, said scrapping NAFTA will hurt the United States. “Millions and millions of jobs in the United States depend directly upon their trade with Canada and Mexico,” Mulroney said. “You tear that up - my mother used to say, ‘You’re cutting off your nose to spite your face.’” Republican presidential nominee Trump has railed against the NAFTA trade deal with Canada and Mexico as a U.S. job killer, saying that if elected, he would be prepared to scrap it if he could not negotiate much better terms for the United States.  The North American Free Trade Agreement took effect in 1994 during the administration of President Bill Clinton, the husband of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.     Trump also has a hardline immigration plan that emphasized deporting illegal immigrants who commit crimes. His proposals include building a wall at the border with Mexico. Mulroney said that while Trump’s rhetoric “carried him through the Republican primaries,” he does not think “something that negative carries you to the White House.” Trump’s campaign team did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  ",politicsNews,"September 4, 2016 ",1
20353,20353,Gwenyth Paltrow Can’t Understand Why She Was Named “MOST HATED CELEBRITY”,"Obama drone Gwyneth Paltrow can t understand why she was once named the world s  Most Hated Celebrity  by a magazine. In a recent interview on the BBC show HardTalk at the Cannes Lions festival, the 43-year-old actress and Goop lifestyle guru told host Stephen Sackur that she had a hard time believing she had earned that title from Star magazine in 2013. First of all, I was like,  I m the most hated celebrity?  Paltrow asked with a chuckle.  More than, like, Chris Brown? What did I do? All I can do is be my authentic self,  the Avengers star told Sackur.  But I think there are things about me that make people draw conclusions. For example, there is the perception that I grew up very wealthy and that I was given, you know  that I was sort of raised with a silver spoon in my mouth, which inspires a lot of resentment. Paltrow added that while it is true that she attended an elite prep school in Manhattan, her father, Hollywood producer Bruce Paltrow,  never gave me anything  after graduation. I never had any supplementation, he never helped me with my rent, I never had a trust fund,  the actress said.  So the idea that I am spoiled or that I didn t work for what I have, that s just not accurate. But I can see how somebody might have that perception. Paltrow has repeatedly defended her status as a self-made woman in recent months. In February, the actress told Glamour magazine that she had  never taken a dime  from her parents.But while that may be true, Paltrow is, of course, the daughter of Bruce Paltrow and famed Hollywood actress Blythe Danner. In fact, a teenaged Paltrow got her first acting role in the 1989 television movie High, produced by her famous father. And the actress likely picked up some acting tips from her mother, who has more than 100 screen credits to her name. Paltrow told Harper s Bazaar last year that she was inspired to get into acting after watching Danner s successful career.As for why she was once named  Most Hated Celebrity,  Paltrow could be said to present a somewhat different version of herself than she perhaps realizes.The actress once said that she feels  incredibly close to the common woman.  But Paltrow s lifestyle website, Goop, frequently feels aimed at exactly the opposite of the  common woman. The publication s holiday gift guides regularly features items that are out of reach financially for regular women, including $46,000 board games and $12,000 vases (not to mention a $15,000 24k gold vibrator featured in the website s first-ever  Sex Issue ).And common women don t really drink $200 smoothies (with extra  moon dust  to boost sex drive), host President Obama in their backyards or steam-clean their genitals to get an  energetic release. Paltrow was also roundly mocked last year for pledging to live on $29 worth of food stamps for one week, only to quit four days in to the challenge.We have a few ideas Maybe it was the time Gwenyth held a fundraiser at her home for Barack Obama to help him win a second term?Who could forget when  the most hated celebrity  told Obama  You re so handsome, I can t speak properly. And then there s her support for the most corrupt person to ever run for the office of President of the United States, Crooked Hillary:Whatever the reasoning behind the dubious honor, Paltrow likely doesn t mind all that much. The actress told Glamour that she  very rarely  lets negative criticism get to her head. I don t lose sleep over it,  she told the magazine of her critics.  It s my business to live my life and learn my lessons. I don t care what anybody else thinks.  Via: Breitbart News",left-news,"Jun 30, 2016",0
21535,21535,"WHILE OBAMA VACATIONS AND HANDS OUT A BILLION DOLLAR GIFT TO KENYANS, IRAN’S AYATOLLAH TWEETS PICTURE OF BARACK WITH GUN TO HIS HEAD","Hey Barry tell us again about what a great deal for America you cut with Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran s supreme leader, tweeted a graphic Saturday morning that appears to depict President Barack Obama committing suicide by holding a gun to his head.US president has said he could knock out Iran s military. We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but.. pic.twitter.com/D4Co7fVuVg  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 25, 2015 We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but if any war happens, the one who will emerge loser will be the aggressive and criminal U.S.,  the quote attributed to Khamenei said. Khamenei oftentimes blasts the U.S. and Obama over Twitter, even after the U.S. and other world powers came together to reach a historic nuclear deal with Iran. US is the supporter& plotter of terrorism. #Iran has fought #terrorism, has slapped it,has hit in the head and will continue to do so. #ISIS   Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) May 16, 2015  The term  Great Satan  for US was coined by @IRKhomeini ; when you consider sb or an entity as Satan then it s clear how you should behave.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) June 4, 2015US Govs accuse #Lebanon s #Hezbollah and resistance who are most devoted national defense forces of being terrorists. 1/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US Govs are supporting terrorist, child-killer #Zionist regime. How can we negotiate and agree with such policies? 2/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US pres. said he could knock out Iran s army. Of course we neither welcome, nor begin war, but in case of war, US will leave it disgraced.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015   I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015 Via: The Blaze",left-news,"Jul 25, 2015",0
21907,21907,TROLL CONGRESSWOMAN WANTS YOU TO SELL YOUR GUNS TO THE GOVERNMENT,"It s not for her to decide! We have the Second Amendment and that s enough for any American. DeLauro doesn t get to decide for us what s a gun that s ok to own. It might be a good idea to pick up the phone and voice your objection to this bill.Gun owners would receive tax breaks for voluntarily turning in high-powered assault rifles under new legislation proposed Monday.The Support Assault Firearm Elimination and Education of our (SAFER) Streets Act expected to be reintroduced next week by Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) would provide gun owners with an incentive to turn in their firearms to local police departments. Assault weapons are not about hunting, or even self-defense,  DeLauro said.  There is no reason on earth, other than to kill as many people as possible in as short a time as possible, that anyone needs a gun designed for a battlefield. Though DeLauro is in favor of stronger guns laws that would completely ban assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition, she emphasized this bill would not force gun owners to turn in their firearms. The legislation would provide up to $2,000 in tax credits for gun owners who voluntarily hand over assault weapons to their local police departments.The assault weapons legislation comes in response to the horrific mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., DeLauro s home state, in December 2012.Via: The Hill",left-news,"Apr 6, 2015",0
24422,920,U.S. House panel to disclose some Russian-linked Facebook ads,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House Intelligence Committee will disclose on Wednesday a sample of Russian-linked content that ran on social media during the 2016 presidential election, the panel’s top Democrat said. Representative Adam Schiff said the committee would show a “representative sample” of Russian advertisements and posts during a hearing on Wednesday at which lawyers from Facebook, Twitter and Alphabet’s Google, were testifying about Russian influence on their networks. ",politicsNews,"November 1, 2017 ",1
19008,19008,FORMER DEMOCRAT WARNS Young Americans: “Rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power” [VIDEO]," Who is silencing political speech, physically attacking those with divergent views, demanding that every American share one single  ideology. But sadly, the real truth is that these violent agitators have little idea about why they march. Theirs is a movement with no cause, a temper tantrum with no purpose. They are a generation lost in space .a propaganda arm of the party of disappointment. If I were wrong, would Hillary Clinton really be their standard bearer? These rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power ",left-news,"Mar 10, 2017",0
43889,20387,White House adviser says return to Florida Keys may take weeks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert said on Monday that it may take weeks before many residents are able to return to the Florida Keys, following possible damage to bridges caused by Hurricane Irma.  The Keys are going to take a while,  Bossert told a regular White House briefing, adding:  I would expect that the Keys are not fit for re-entry for regular citizenry for weeks.  ",worldnews,"September 11, 2017 ",1
17841,17841,TOP DESIGNER DONNA KARAN Defends Harvey Weinstein…Suggests Victims May Have Been “ASKING FOR IT’ By The Way They Dress,"Fashion designer Donna Karan is standing by Harvey Weinstein and has suggested his alleged victims may have been  asking for it  by the way the women act and dress.During a red carpet interview at the Cin Fashion Film Awards on Sunday, the DKNY creator was asked to weigh in on the scandal hours after the disgraced film mogul was fired from his company.Unlike many Hollywood stars and celebs, Karan did not condemn the 65-year-old, who has been accused of sexually harassing multiple women over the span of decades, and instead pointed the finger at his accusers.She told a reporter:  I think we have to look at ourselves. Obviously, the treatment of women all over the world is something that has always had to be identified. Certainly in the country of Haiti where I work, in Africa, in the developing world, it s been a hard time for women. To see it here in our own country is very difficult, but I also think how do we display ourselves? How do we present ourselves as women? What are we asking? Are we asking for it by presenting all the sensuality and all the sexuality? And what are we throwing out to our children today about how to dance and how to perform and what to wear? How much should they show? Karan s comments are striking as a legend in the fashion world and having designed women s clothing for decades. Her comments come as many of Weinstein s former friends, including Judi Dench and Meryl Streep, have denounced the producer based on the bombshell allegations.She added that she knows Weinstein s wife Georgina Chapman and described the couple as  wonderful people.  When asked whether Hollywood has been  busted , she replied with a smile:  I don t think it s only Harvey Weinstein.After Karan s report circulated online, Rose McGowan   one of Weinstein s alleged victims, and a vocal opponent of the producer online   called her  deplorable. In a tweet on Sunday, McGowan posted a screenshot of this DailyMail.com article with the message  Donna Karan you are a DEPLORABLE. Aiding and abetting is a moral crime. You are scum in a fancy dress. McGowan also tweeted this image of herself in her 20 s when Weinstein allegedly sexually assaulted her.Last year, she tweeted under the hashtag #WhyWomenDontReport with the message  Because my ex sold our movie to my rapist for distribution .According to The New York Times report that initiated Weinstein s downfall this week, McGowan sued the producer in the 1990s but settled out of court for $100,000.  Daily Mail ",left-news,"Oct 10, 2017",0
26878,3376,"Mexico to cut share of refined sugar sent to U.S., minister says","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico will reduce the proportion of refined sugar it can export to the United States to 30 percent under a new agreement likely to be announced later today, Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Mexican radio on Tuesday. Currently, the proportion of refined sugar exports from total sugar exports Mexico can send to the United States is 53 percent.  ",politicsNews,"June 6, 2017 ",1
9665,9665,WATCH: CNN Reporter Gets SKEWERED For MOCKING Polio Survivor Mitch McConnell After Trump Helps Him Up Stairs,"The CNN  journalist  who posted the video of President Trump helping polio survivor Mitch McConnell up the stairs, following their remarks to the press, will likely backfire, as most Americans will notice the gentle way that President Trump discreetly held Mitch McConnell s arm, as he helped him to navigate the stairs. For most Americans, this video will solidify what they already believe about him, that he is a generous and kind man and not the monster the media would like their followers to believe that he is. CNN political reporter Daniella Diaz sent a tweet on Monday pointing out that President Trump and Sen. Mitch McConnell locked hands while walking up stairs at the White House following their Rose Garden press conference. Diaz seemed to be mocking the Republican duo   but while followers quickly pointed out that the Kentucky senator is a polio survivor, the tweet remains on her feed nearly 24 hours later. That hand-lock between Trump and McConnell, though,  Diaz wrote with video of the incident.That hand-lock between Trump and McConnell, though. https://t.co/xFClDYCmdQ  Daniella Diaz (@DaniellaMicaela) October 16, 2017A CNN colleague called out Diaz, quoting her tweet and explaining the situation. At the time this article was published, Diaz had not deleted the tweet. Daily Beast Senior Editor Andrew Kirell also asked what was going on in a since-deleted response. McConnell is a polio survivor, a reason why stairs can be tricky at times,  CNN s Senior Congressional Correspondent Manu Raju wrote.  McConnell often goes up a step at a time, sometimes needs railing for assistance. This time, used Trump for balance. love it! Mocking a guy with Polio is such a hallmark of great journalism. @CNN must be extremely proud of your stellar reporting pic.twitter.com/CWEr6OjDXs  Matthew Levine (@Matty74f) October 16, 2017Actor James Woods DESTROYED CNN  journalist  Daniella Diaz in a reply to her tweet:McConnell is a polio survivor, you misinformed, arrogant, obnoxious, vile, biased asshole. @CNNFakeNews https://t.co/TGvhr9rfDF  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 17, 2017Several more Twitter users commented on Diaz s tweet, saying it needs to be removed and criticizing the CNN reporter for the message.My mother has polio. I've done the same thing for her most of my life. It's called compassion. Perhaps do some research before tweeting.  Scott Fitzgerald (@PhitzyCent) October 17, 2017You are probably too young to realize that people used to get polio in this country. Childhood polio isn't funny.  Hattie Kauffman (@Hatsfree) October 16, 2017 You re making fun of the President of the United States helping a polio survivor that stumbled. Stay classy CNN, stay classy,  one user responded.Making fun of the President for helping a polio survivor that stumbled. Stay classy CNN, stay classy  The_Kondor (@RadTekes91) October 17, 2017This Twitter user suggested that the CNN  journalist  should learn how to do research before mocking a polio survivor.Don t journalists do research? She must of missed that in her first journalism class. Top notch reporter there!  Only Upside (@donovan3333) October 17, 2017Back in 1990, McConnell explained his medical situation in a campaign ad when running for re-election in Kentucky. When I was a child and my dad was in World War II, I got polio. I recovered, but my family almost went broke,  McConnell explained.Before the polio vaccine was introduced in 1955, tens of thousands of American children developed paralytic polio every year, according to WebMD. Post-polio syndrome affects some people who had the condition, and symptoms include extreme fatigue, joint pain and progressive weakness in muscles. So very cheap and sleazy journalism   if it even could be called journalism just a hate post,  one user wrote, while another said,  He had polio. Read a bio first if you re going to report on people. It s been known since he went to Congress.  FOX News ",politics,"Oct 17, 2017",0
29851,6349,New North Dakota governor expects controversial pipeline to be built,"(Reuters) - North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, who took office last month in the height of tensions surrounding the Dakota Access Pipeline, said he believed the line would eventually be built and asked opponents to clean their protest camp before spring floodwaters create a potential ecological disaster.  A centrist Republican with no prior political experience, Burgum was elected in a landslide on a platform of streamlining government and improving relations across the state. Burgum built a successful software business before selling it to Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) in 2001. Burgum told Reuters that approval of the pipeline appeared to be a foregone conclusion once Donald Trump moved into the White House. “I expect the world’s going to change dramatically on that day relative to finding resolution on this issue,” Burgum said in an interview. “I would expect that (Energy Transfer Partners (ETP.N)) will get its easement and it will go through.”      A coalition of Native American groups, environmentalists, Hollywood stars and veterans of the U.S. armed forces protested the $3.8 billion oil project at a North Dakota camp, which at one point held more than 5,000, though that number has shrunk in size during the winter.  Opponents contend construction would damage sacred lands and any leaks could pollute the water supply of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. Last month, President Barack Obama denied a key permit needed to complete the pipeline, but Trump has said he will review that decision. Local law enforcement have voiced concerns that any reversal by the federal government could cause the area to swell again with protesters, straining resources.  David Archambault, chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, has repeatedly asked protesters to leave the area and let the pipeline fight play out in courts. Burgum said he agrees with Archambault and asked protesters to help clean up the camp before it threatens the environment itself. More than 300 vehicles, along with dozens of temporary dwellings and other detritus, have been abandoned at the campsite, which sits in a flood plain that is likely to be overrun by spring rain and snowmelt. State officials are concerned that floodwaters could carry that material away. “The amount of cleanup that needs to take place is enormous,” Burgum said. “We’ve got a potential ecological disaster if this land floods and all the debris flows downstream into tribal lands.” ",politicsNews,"January 13, 2017 ",1
39417,15915,Ireland says would insist on Northern Ireland role if power-sharing not restored,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Irish government would insist on a role in the running of Northern Ireland if power-sharing devolved government is not restored in the British province, but it hopes that will not happen, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Wednesday.  The British government moved on Wednesday to directly set Northern Ireland s budget after the province s main political parties failed to reach agreement on restoring a power-sharing government that collapsed in January.   We will have to fall back on the full detail of the (1998) Good Friday agreement, in terms of the structures that are required in the absence of devolved government,  Coveney told Irish state broadcaster RTE.   The prospect of direct rule in Northern Ireland and the Irish government s insistence on having a role in that   an appropriate role consistent with the Good Friday Agreement   is not where we want to be,  he said.  ",worldnews,"November 1, 2017 ",1
76,76, WATCH: Nicolle Wallace Takes Trump To The Woodshed For Backing Pedophile Moore,"Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by Nicolle Wallace for endorsing an accused child molester.Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore has been accused of sexual assault by several women, most of whom were teens at the time. One woman was 14-years-old.Age of consent laws apparently did not matter to Moore, who was the district attorney during the time period in which most of the assaults allegedly occurred. Moore own former colleagues have confirmed that Moore preyed upon teenage girls and he was even banned from a shopping mall because he kept creeping on teen girls.On Tuesday, Trump finally spoke out about Moore and the allegations. And what he said was sickening.Trump accused Moore s opponent Doug Jones of being  soft  on crime before saying he d rather have an accused child molester in the Senate instead of a Democrat. Then he defended Moore the same way he defended Vladimir Putin during his trip to Asia. Well, he denies it, Trump said.  Look, he denies it. I mean, if you look at all the things that have happened over the last 48 hours, he totally denies it. He says it didn t happen and you know, you have to listen to him also. Trump s words were so disgusting that MSNBC s Nicolle Wallace took him to the woodshed. I have this physical feeling of just being repulsed listening to   be it a figure head, he is the head of the Republican Party and I have described myself as a nonpracticing member, but I don t know what other word to use other than repulsed, that the head of the Republican Party said essentially threw his weight behind someone accused of stalking and engaging in sexual activity with a 14-year-old. There s nothing normal about throwing your weight behind a child molester. So when he says, this president says  he denies it, he denies it  I almost heard in him,  I denied it too.  He s almost projecting on to Roy Moore his own circumstance. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, Trump was accused of sexual assault by over a dozen women during the campaign. He called all of them liars at the time. And it looks like that s coming back to bite Trump on the ass.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"November 21, 2017",0
29060,5558,Longest-serving justice on Delaware Supreme Court to retire,"WILMINGTON, Del (Reuters) - The longest-serving member of Delaware’s Supreme Court, Randy Holland, announced his plan to retire at the end of March, according to a statement from the court on Thursday. Holland, 70, joined the five-member court as the youngest ever to serve in 1986 and became the longest-serving member in 2009.  A replacement will be nominated by Governor John Carney, who took office last month, and must be confirmed by the state’s senate. Justices serve 12-year terms. “I just feel that after 30 years it is time to retire,” said Holland in a statement. “I’m looking forward to pursuing other opportunities, like teaching.” A majority of publicly traded U.S. companies are chartered in Delaware and the court plays a key role interpreting the state’s corporate law and has decided many billion dollar merger disputes. The court recently dismissed a $171 million investor lawsuit against pipeline operator Kinder Morgan Inc and revived a lawsuit against Zynga Inc’s controlling shareholder, Mark Pincus, over sales of the social gaming company’s stock. The court is also expected to rule in the coming months on a heated lawsuit that could decide control of one of the world’s largest translation services companies, TransPerfect Global Inc. Holland was the remaining justice on the court who had been appointed prior to Leo Strine becoming the court’s chief justice in 2014. Strine was elevated from the role of chancellor, or chief judge, of the Court of Chancery, which specializes in corporate disputes. ",politicsNews,"February 9, 2017 ",1
11511,11511,President Trump Travels to Orlando for Private School Visit Angering Teachers Unions: ‘Shows hostility towards public schools’,"The trip to Orlando included the new Education Secretary who s a big school choice advocate. The teachers unions aren t happy and made a few comments against the trip to the Catholic School in Orlando. You d think they d be so happy that we have a president who s very interested in helping ALL American children receive a great education. Nope, the teachers unions are freaking out! Their cash cow might be at risk The president of the teachers union makes a six figure income! What s wrong with Trump trying to FINALLY focus on the kids? Trump visited St. Andrew Catholic School in Orlando, dropping in on a fourth-grade classroom and shaking hands with students who said they were learning about the history of Florida. When one girl said she wanted to own her own business, he said with a smile that she s  gonna make a lot of money. But don t run for politics.  The president, who was joined by his new education secretary Betsy DeVos, a longtime charter schools advocate, described St. Andrew as  one of the many parochial schools dedicated to educating disadvantaged children. Education is the civil rights issue of our time,  said Trump, repeating a line from his address to Congress this week. Teachers unions were quick to criticize the visit, saying it showed hostility by Trump toward public schools and an intention to turn education into a profit-making industry. Trump said he would ask lawmakers to pass a bill that would fund school choice for disadvantaged young people, including minority children. He did not offer any details.Read more: big story",politics,"Mar 3, 2017",0
24812,1310,Trump vows tax plan to boost economy; poll cites views on wealthy,"HARRISBURG, Pa./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday told workers that they would win under his tax plan, saying it would help the middle class and boost the economy, though critics say it would mainly benefit corporations and the rich. Speaking in an airplane hangar at a Pennsylvania Air National Guard base in Harrisburg with a trailer truck behind him, Trump reiterated the basic points of the nine-page tax cut “framework” he unveiled two weeks ago. “It’s a middle-class bill. That’s what we’re thinking of.  That’s what I want,” Trump said. “I’ve had rich friends of mine come up to me, and say, ‘Donald, you’re doing this tax plan — we don’t want anything. ... Don’t give it to us. Give it to the middle class.’  And that’s what we’re trying so hard to do,” he said. His remarks came as new Reuters/Ipsos polling showed that more than three-quarters of Americans say the wealthiest Americans should pay more in taxes. The poll found 53 percent of adults “strongly agree” and 23 percent “somewhat agree” that the wealthiest Americans should pay higher tax rates. The Sept. 29-Oct. 5 poll of 1,504 people has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of plus or minus 6 percentage points. Financial markets have rallied strongly since Trump’s November 2016 election victory, driven partly by expectations that he would cut taxes for businesses, although policy analysts have been skeptical that he would do so. Trump on Wednesday boasted about the rally in markets. “The stock market is soaring to record levels, boosting pensions and retirement accounts for hard-working Americans.  Their values are going up every single day,” he said. Earlier on Wednesday, San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams said he was a “little bit discouraged” about the prospects for federal tax reform. Given the difficulties Congress has had in passing laws  this year, Williams, in comments following a speech in Salt Lake City, said he is “losing confidence” that any tax reform will be passed in the next six months or so. Trump said his plan for cutting corporate taxes could boost wage growth and mean a $4,000 pay raise for the average household, citing research from a White House economic council. Democrats, who oppose Trump’s plan, dispute such claims. “I have not seen any evidence that even comes remotely close to that,” Richard Neal, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee, said of the $4,000 calculation at a forum on Wednesday in Washington. Independent analysts have said Trump’s blueprint would provide uneven tax relief, add significantly to the federal budget deficit, and in some cases, benefit the very wealthy. For instance, taxpayers in the highest 1 percent of incomes, making more than $730,000 annually, would get about half of the total benefit from Trump’s plan, with after-tax incomes rising an average of 8.5 percent, according to the Tax Policy Center, a Washington-based nonprofit tax think tank. Trump on Wednesday said his framework would provide a $500 tax credit to “those who care for an adult dependent or elderly loved one” and that it would substantially increase the child tax credit. No details on those items have been made public. Congressional tax writers in the House and Senate are working to fill in the details of Trump’s framework. Republican leaders hope to pass a bill by January, delivering what would be Trump’s first legislative victory a year into his presidency. Before that can happen, the Senate and House must open a procedural path for tax legislation by passing a budget resolution. Lawmakers have hoped to do that this month. CORPORATE, PASS-THROUGH CUTS The tax framework, developed in secret by a select group of senior Republicans known as the Big Six, calls for cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and creating a new category for pass-through income earned by partners and sole proprietors, which would be taxed at 25 percent, instead of the 39.6 percent top individual rate currently paid by some. It proposes cutting the top individual rate to 35 percent, but congressional tax writers may opt to create an additional, higher rate for the highest earners. The plan also proposes eliminating the 40 percent tax on inherited estate assets worth more than $5.5 million, or $11 million for a married couple. A highly placed Republican operative who used to work with senior leadership on Capitol Hill said he did not expect the estate tax repeal to be included in a final package, because the proposal would greatly benefit Trump himself and his family, which would leave the tax reform effort and Trump open to Democratic attack. He said many Republicans do not see estate tax repeal as crucial, but Republicans have promised wealthy supporters for years that the tax, which they call the “death tax,” will end. Trump on Wednesday offered a different view. Republicans will end “the crushing, horrible, and unfair estate tax,” he said. For graphic on top power brokers, click: here ",politicsNews,"October 11, 2017 ",1
29205,5703,China says resolutely opposes deployment of THAAD in South Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Friday it resolutely opposes deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system in South Korea after South Korea said its defense chiefs have agreed to deploy the system this year. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang reiterated China’s opposition to the U.S. system at a daily news briefing in Beijing. China has consistently opposed the decision to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system, saying it threatens China’s own security and will do nothing to ease tension on the Korean peninsula. South Korea and the United States say the system is only intended to defend against North Korean aggression. ",politicsNews,"February 3, 2017 ",1
14952,14952,"JV TEAM UPDATE: ISIS Hackers Publish Phone Numbers And Personal Info Of CIA, FBI and NSA Members On Twitter"," The electronic war has not yet begun,    The JV teamThe Islamic State s hacking division has published personal details, including phone numbers, of the heads of the CIA, FBI and the National Security Agency as part of a coordinated hacking attack, according to reports by The Mail on Sunday. We are back  the hacking group declared.  We need years to publish what we have. We will raise our flag in the heart of Europe. #ISIS Cyber Caliphate Hacks 54k Twitter accounts, including ones of CIA and FBI officialshttps://t.co/2OCSWiqr3O pic.twitter.com/Ssl6jPoIQs  TRACterrorism.org (@TRACterrorism) November 9, 2015The group, calling itself  cyber-Caliphate  also posted details of 54,000 Twitter accounts, tweeting a link to the database, posted online.Once the passwords were put out online, the group encouraged ISIS supporters to take over the accounts and use them to put out ISIS propaganda. Due to the volume of information published, some victims were unaware they had been hacked when contacted by the Mail on Sunday.Twitter was notified swiftly by an intelligence agency and suspended the cyber caliphate Twitter account.The Islamic State s hacking division was founded by British jihadist Junaid Hussain, who was killed in a drone strike in August. The UK is introducing strict new anti-terrorism surveillance legislation which will enable the government to access the web history of anyone in Britain without a warrant. Internet service providers will also be forced to store the internet history of customers for one year. Via: Clarion Project",politics,"Nov 9, 2015",0
7852,7852, Sanders Supporters Need To Be Aware Of This Obstacle If They Want To Make Sure Their Vote Gets Counted,"If you re a college-age Bernie Sanders supporter, it looks like the Primary schedules were designed to screw with you. They re going to fall right in Spring Break. So, if you don t want to be done over by the establishment, it s time to get over this obstacle.The conservative media is already licking it s lips with the prospect that our young Americans are, in their opinion, too stupid and feckless to turn out for Bernie.  As The Daily Caller puts it:Many college students will be too busy drinking and partying on spring break to vote for Sen. Bernie Sanders in March, just as his presidential campaign gears up for a series of crucial Democratic primaries in their states.",News,"February 26, 2016",0
18091,18091,THE LEFT IS OFFICIALLY ISIS: Thug Destroys Oldest Monument to Christopher Columbus [Video],"The left is officially ISIS ISIS terrorists have destroyed ancient sites that have been preserved for hundreds and hundred of years. Well, the left isn t too far behind them some jackwagon took a sledgehammer to a 225-year old monument to Christpher Columbus Unreal!The Columbus statue is in Baltimore Shame on these thugs!Baltimore Brew has this to say about the memorial:Baltimore s 225-year-old monument to Christopher Columbus, said to be the oldest in the country and the world dedicated to the explorer that is still standing, has been severely vandalized.In case you re wondering, this is happening in other places in America. We reported on two Catholic Saint statues that were vandalized and the  Peace Monument  in Atlanta that was also vandalized. Are you getting the picture now? It s not about the Confederacy but about hating anything America stands for. Our kids have been well taught by liberal academia so they only know that  Imperialist  America stole everything from everyone Yada, Yada, Yada,,,THIS IS A TURNING POINT Some jackwagon narrates the video: Christopher Columbus symbolizes the initial invasion of European capitalism into the Western Hemisphere. Columbus initiated a centuries-old wave of terrorism, murder, genocide, rape, slavery, ecological degradation and capitalist exploitation of labor in the Americas. That Columbian wave of destruction continues on the backs of Indigenous, African-American and brown people. Racist monuments to slave owners and murderers have always bothered me. Baltimore s poverty is concentrated in African-American households, and these statues are just an extra slap in the face. They were built in the 20th century in response to a movement for African Americans  human dignity. What kind of a culture goes to such lengths to build such hate-filled monuments? What kind of a culture clings to those monuments in 2017? ",left-news,"Aug 21, 2017",0
11415,11415,UNREAL! HOW DEMOCRATS MANIPULATED The CBO Report On Obamacare [Video],THE VIDEO TAKES A FEW SECONDS TO LOAD   IF YOU SEE A BLACK BOX IT S JUST LOADING  ,politics,"Mar 14, 2017",0
11562,11562,WHAT OSCARS? “CONGRATULATIONS MELANIA!”…PRESIDENT TRUMP and FIRST LADY Host The Governor’s Ball [Video],"As Hollywood had its big night at The Oscars, Donald and Melania Trump hosted their own black-tie affair.The Trumps chose the theme  Spring s Renewal  for the annual Governors Ball, which took place at the White House on February 26, coincidentally during The Oscars. The White House announced the theme of the dinner earlier in the day, saying that the mansion has  come to life, gleaming with the dazzling, senorial experience of eternal spring. During his speech, Donald touched on health care and was optimistic about a replacement to Obamacare and previewed his address to Congress on February 28.Just an FYI: We can t figure out why the White House videographer did such a horrible job in videotaping this. They don t have a tripod?Read more: Heavy",politics,"Feb 26, 2017",0
5803,5803, AL Cop Goes Ballistic On Fellow Officer Over Records Dispute (VIDEO),"A Birmingham, Alabama police officer was arrested this week, after he allegedly pepper sprayed a fellow officer and threatened to put him in a body bag.According to WTVM, officer Shaun Deane became enraged last July, after an officer in another precinct had trouble locating records that he wanted to pick up.During an interview with WBRC, the unidentified victim described what happened next: This officer opens up his cannister, his holster for mace and pulls his mace out and puts it in my face. I look at him and I made a statement to him. Told him he s not gonna do anything and before I could even get my statement out he had already applied the spray to my face. The officer who was pepper sprayed by Deane went on to say that he was  blown away  by what happened. I couldn t even wrap my mind around what was really happening,  he said.  I could possibly be able to process the situation if it would have been a citizen, but this was a fellow officer. It took me to a place in my mind that I couldn t even process at that time. The incident has been the subject of an internal police investigation for the past year.On July 15, WBRC reported that Deane was arrested and charged with use of a noxious substance.According to Sgt. Bryan Shelton, Deane  has been taken out of service  while the case makes its way through the courts.Shelton didn t comment on whether Deane will be allowed to remain on the police force once the court proceedings are over.Deane has been on the police force for the past eight years. While there s no information at this time regarding past excessive force complaints, it s a good bet that any officer who pepper sprays another cop in the face should not be sent out on the streets with a badge and a gun.Here s more on this story from WTVM.WTVM.com-Columbus, GA News Weather & Sports Featured image via video screen capture via WTVM",News,"June 20, 2016",0
5408,5408, Donald Trump Jr. Speechwriters ALSO Copied Part Of His Speech (TWEETS),"A day after a plagiarism scandal rocked Melania Trump for the portions of her convention speech that were lifted from Michelle Obama, Donald Trump s son Donald Jr. faces a similar allegation.? pic.twitter.com/QEftnTTwy3  The Daily Show (@TheDailyShow) July 20, 2016The Twitter account for The Daily Show made the catch, pointing out a passage in Donald Trump Jr. s speech that appears to have been lifted from an article in a conservative magazine.In the speech, Trump pointed out that  our schools used to be an elevator to the middle class. Now they re stalled on the ground floor. In an article in The American Conservative, writer F.H. Buckley writes,  What should be an elevator to the upper class is stalled on the ground floor. In a later sentence, Buckley went on to say,  our schools and universities are like the old Soviet department stores whose mission was to serve the interests of the sales clerks and not the customers. In his speech to the convention, praising his father, Donald Trump Jr. said: [Schools are] like Soviet-era department stores that are run for the benefit of the clerks and not the customers. The writer, Buckley, then said in an interview with CNN that he  was a principal speech writer for the speech. So it s not an issue. If not a direct copy like the Melania/Obama issue, the incident continues to highlight the manner in which the Trump team continues to botch the basics of running a convention, which has been echoed in their lack of preparation for the general election.All day long the Trump campaign tried to fight back on the story of Melania s plagiarism, first claiming that it didn t happen, then arguing that since it was only 7 percent of the speech it didn t matter, then blaming speechwriters when she said I an interview with NBC that she wrote it herself.Talk of the speech dominated the day when in most traditional campaigns the presentation from the nominee s spouse would have generated positive headlines.Donald Trump Jr. himself blamed the speechwriters and not his stepmother for the incident, telling CBS News,  Of course [Melania] worked with speechwriters. Having never done this before, you have to work with speechwriters. Those are the people that did this. Featured image via Twitter",News,"July 20, 2016",0
10226,10226,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S NEW CHIEF OF STAFF Wants His Boss To Stop Tweeting…But Only About One Thing,"Right before eighth grade, Trump s father sent him literally up the river to New York Military Academy in the Hudson Valley. Trump would spend the next five years there.Retired Col. Ted Dobias remembers the tall, lanky kid who showed up at his dormitory. I put [him] down at the end of the hall. He didn t know how to make a bed. He didn t know how to shine his shoes. He had a problem, you know, with being a cadet. You know, being a cadet, you gotta take care of yourself,  Dobias said.And Trump the cadet didn t quite know how, at first. Dobias had a reputation for being one of the school s toughest instructors. He was a hardened World War II veteran who made it clear to Trump   he didn t care who his daddy was. When he got out of line, he got the same treatment like everybody else. His name was Donald Trump, like Johnny Jones. It was all the same,  Dobias said.  Nobody was different. We treated everyone alike. Back in Trump s day, cadets would wake up near the crack of dawn, hurry into their uniforms and march in formation to breakfast. First-year cadets had to eat their meals squared-off   lifting their forks in a right angle path into their mouths. And after breakfast, they d scurry back to clean their rooms for inspection. Dobias said it was a place where kids who didn t like following the rules learned to like it. It s a hell of a thing for a kid to go to a military school   especially when you have to say,  Yes sir,   No sir,  have to learn how to salute, how to do about-face, how to march, how to carry a gun,  said Dobias.But instead of recoiling from the discipline, Trump thrived under it. In her book The Trumps: Three Generations of Builders and a Presidential Candidate, Gwenda Blair notes how  Donald seemed to welcome being in a place with clear-cut parameters, a place where he could focus on figuring out how to come out on top and get what he wanted. Mike Kabealo, one of Trump s roommates at NYMA, said in the confines of the school s rigid rules, Trump wanted to be a standout. Cocksure, positive and anything-you-can-do-I-can-do-better kind of stuff   you know, he was very competitive,  Kabealo said.And friends say Trump channeled that competitiveness into everything at military school. When he was in charge of the rifle rack, he cleaned the rifles obsessively. He was meticulous about his uniform. When it was his turn to do inspections in the barracks, he whipped other cadets into shape.   NPRGiven his success in the military academy, is it any surprise then, that President Trump would choose a former general to be his chief of staff?White House Chief of Staff John Kelly aims to stop President Trump from making policy announcements on Twitter, according to a report Friday night.While Kelly acknowledges he can t stop Trump from tweeting, the new chief of staff would like to know what the president plans to tweet before he does so. He would prefer big policy decisions not be announced on Twitter.The goal is  pushing the tweets in the right direction,  Politico reported, citing a White House official.Trump made waves on July 26 when he announced on Twitter that he would ban transgender people from the military:After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017The Defense Department has since said it won t execute a policy based on Trump s tweet until it would receives formal guidance, which the White House has not provided yet.Politico reported that White House and Defense Department lawyers had warned Trump against the transgender military ban, fearing the legal backlash that would follow. The lawyers only learned about Trump s decision when he tweeted it.   Washington Examiner ",politics,"Aug 5, 2017",0
192,192, GOP Senate Candidate Says Kids Were Murdered At Sandy Hook Because His God Was Angry," I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. That s a pretty easy quote from Gandhi to understand. The man was complicated and problematic in a lot of ways, but this one quote never loses its edge for me, because it s so simple.I have no doubt, however, that firebrand GOP Senate hopeful Roy Moore would dismiss it as the ramblings of a skinny brown cultist. I mean, Hinduism has to be a cult, since there s no story of a savior coming back from the dead, no fire and brimstone and angry gods. I mean, there are, but not Roy s angry God.Roy s angry God is apparently the guy responsible for the murders of 20 children and six teachers at Sandy Hook Elementary five years ago this December. You see, Roy s God is the one from the Old Testament of the Bible, and the book that Roy gets this particular idea from was apparently written 800 years before Christ came around. Laws were different then. You couldn t eat shrimp or cut your hair at the temples, and I guess if you were a biblical lady, you probably should have been essentially in hiding the entire time you menstruated, because holy shit, was that frowned on.In fact, that book of the Bible, Hosea, has 197 verses in it, and they re essentially all about how terrible everyone is, and how God wants to smite them because they don t love Him enough.They turned away from the Laws Of God, you see, and that meant the Almighty laid the smack down on them. Translated into current context, Roy Moore says, that means God instructed Adam Lanza to pull the trigger on those children and eventually himself, because America, like the Northern Kingdom of Israel before her, is worshiping false idols.Personally, I think Hosea himself was just an angry dude. His wife (Gomer) cheated on him, and God made him give his kids funny names, and he wasn t even sure if the last kid was his  Well, the story s pretty convoluted, really, but suffice it to say, if I had been designated as one of God s main spokesmen and I was going through some shit like Hosea was, I can imagine telling my wife that all the bad things happening to her were happening because she was a sinner.It s not very Christian, though.In fact, it s pretty gross. Here s video of the guy who s probably going to win a Senate seat in Alabama telling a church in the town of Guin that God murders children when He s angry:On TV today we played footage I found of Roy Moore saying the Newtown, CT. shooting happened because we forgot God's law. pic.twitter.com/jzyVD4tIcW  ?andrew kaczynski (@KFILE) September 27, 2017I know the Bible is a long book, but let s hope Roy gets to the New Testament soon.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",News,"October 23, 2017",0
41930,18428,Austria's Social Democrats urge Facebook to unmask people behind smear campaign,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats asked Facebook to disclose the identities of those behind sites which they say are spreading libel in an attempt to clean up a smear campaign scandal ahead of an election on Oct. 15. Kern has pledged to get to the bottom of his party s links to Facebook pages which have made unsusbtantiated allegations against Sebastian Kurz, the head of the main opposition People s Party, who is leading in polls for the forthcoming parliamentary vote. The scandal has already cost Kern s campaign manager his job. The Social Democrats  lawyers wrote to Facebook in Ireland on Tuesday saying the group must, according to EU rules, hand over details about users who operate sites showing potentially libellous content about Kern and Kurz.  We ... ask you to give us all information you have about the persons behind these ... pages, especially names, email-addresses, IP-addresses or other contact details,  Vienna-based law firm Freimueller/Obereder/Pilz said.  Due to the urgency of the matter we ask for your answer within four days,  the lawyers said in the letter obtained by Reuters. Facebook had no immediate comment. The Social Democrats have denied having any connection with two websites making unsubstantiated allegations against 31-year-old Foreign Minister Kurz. But Austrian media reported on Saturday that a former adviser to the Social Democrats who was dismissed this summer was originally behind the sites and that they had been kept in operation. The Social Democrats also sued the as of yet unknown operators of the Facebook pages for libel and for failing to comply with Austria s media law which forbids anonymous publishing.  ($1 = 0.8505 euros) ",worldnews,"October 3, 2017 ",1
44070,20568,Philippines suspends trade with North Korea to comply with U.N. resolution,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines has suspended trade relations with North Korea to comply with a U.N. Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests, Manila s foreign minister said on Friday. The United States and other Western countries have asked the United Nations to consider tough new sanctions on North Korea after its test last week that it said was of an advanced hydrogen bomb.  We can say we have suspended trade relations with North Korea,  Foreign Minister Alan Peter Cayetano told reporters after a meeting with the U.S. ambassador on cooperation on an anti-drugs program.  We will fully comply with UNSC resolution including the economic sanctions.  Tension on the Korean peninsula has escalated as North Korea s young leader, Kim Jong Un, has stepped up the development of weapons in defiance of U.N. sanctions.  It has tested a series of missiles this year, including one that flew over Japan, and conducted its sixth and biggest nuclear test on Sunday.  The Philippines is North Korea s fifth-largest trade partner, with bilateral trade from January to June this year worth $28.8 million, according to the state-run Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency. On an annual basis, North Korea imported $28.8 million of products from the Philippines in 2016, an increase of 80 percent from the previous year, while Manila s imports from Pyongyang surged 170 percent to $16.1 million.  According to the Philippine Department of Trade and Industry (DTI), the main exports to North Korea in 2015 were computers, integrated circuited boards, bananas and women s undergarments.  The U.N. Security Council is quite clear,  Cayetano said.  Part of these are the economic sanctions and the Philippines will comply. We have been communicating with the DTI secretary and I think it was yesterday and the other day, we have gotten direction from the (presidential) palace to support the U.N. Security Council.  Cayetano said the trade ban covered raw computer chips from the Philippines. ",worldnews,"September 8, 2017 ",1
34493,10991,Connecticut's governor says no return to pre-recession prosperity,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy delivered a downbeat address on Wednesday, outlining plans to slash government spending and admitting to “a visceral feeling” that there was no going back to the prosperity of pre-recession years. The short and somber address came on the heels of a presentation by Malloy’s top budget official, who called for $570 million of reductions next year on top of millions in cuts and tax hikes in previous years. “Our national economy, while making progress from the Great Recession, was fundamentally changed,” Malloy, a Democrat, said at his annual state of the state address. “A shifting workforce, the rapid rise of technology, and stagnant wage growth have made this recovery tougher for everyone, everywhere.” Connecticut has consistently lagged the national economic recovery and has been hit by job losses in its key financial and high-tech manufacturing industries.  The state has one of the worst funded pension systems in the nation. With required payments set to balloon to $6 billion by 2032, the system presents a significant risk to the budget. “Connecticut is not going back to that pre-recession reality,” Malloy told the Democrat-dominated legislature. “It just doesn’t exist anymore.” Connecticut’s woes show how U.S. states have shared unevenly in the recovery since the financial crisis of 2007-2009. Andrew Cuomo, governor of neighboring New York, felt confident enough to tout a $100 billion infrastructure plan in January. “It’s been a really hard recovery,” said Douglas Offerman, an analyst at Fitch Ratings. “The old paradigm that you would exceed your past peak in every expansion doesn’t appear to be holding right now.” Ben Barnes, Malloy’s top budget official, said the replacement of higher-paying jobs with lower- and middle-wage positions had been a “major story” in Connecticut’s budget ills.  Barnes proposed cuts of 5.75 percent to the budgets of state agencies, which could mean the elimination of several thousand jobs. He said cuts to discretionary spending would amount to 15 percent over two years.  At the start of the legislative session, Malloy urged lawmakers to pass an early budget and not wait until the last day of the fiscal year on June 30. But he said he would not circumvent the process. The governor proposed overhauling the way the state runs its budget to bring the process more in line with revenue projections, shifting away from a “current services” model. He also said lawmakers should implement a spending cap. ",politicsNews,"February 3, 2016 ",1
12738,12738,OOPS! HILLARY’S HIT WOMAN LIED About Trump Groping Her…Eye-Witness Comes Forward: “It was she that was the one being flirtatious”,"It should be the lead story on every network, but you ll likely only see it in a few places. It doesn t change the fact however, that an eye-witness has come forward to say the woman accusing Trump of sexual assault on the plane, was actually pursuing him Donald Trump s campaign says a British man is countering claims that the GOP presidential nominee groped a woman on a cross-country flight more than three decades ago.The man says he was sitting across from the accuser and contacted the Trump campaign because he was incensed by her account   which is at odds with what he witnessed. I have only met this accuser once and frankly cannot imagine why she is seeking to make out that Trump made sexual advances on her. Not only did he not do so (and I was present at all times) but it was she that was the one being flirtatious,  Anthony Gilberthorpe said in a note provided to The Post by the Trump campaign.In an exclusive interview arranged by the campaign, Gilberthorpe said he was on the flight   in either 1980 or 1981  where Jessica Leeds claimed Trump groped her.Gilberthorpe, 54, said he was sitting across the first class aisle from the couple and saw nothing inappropriate. Leeds was wearing a white pantsuit, he said, while Trump was wearing a suit and cuff-links, which he gave to his British flight companion.Indeed, Gilberthorpe claimed, Leeds was  trying too hard  in her attempt to win Trump over. She wanted to marry him,  Gilberthorpe said of Leeds, who apparently made the confession when Trump excused himself and went to the bathroom.There was no kissing, but the  shrill  Leeds was  very much in your face  with the real estate developer.Gilberthorpe made headlines in 2014, when he went public with a claim that as a 17-year-old he procured boys (some who  could have been  underage ) for sex parties with high-ranking British politicians.Gilberthorpe has no evidence to back up his claim   just his self-described excellent memory. What she said about Trump is wrong,  he told The Post.  I mean, no decent human being could sit by and have a woman go on television and tell the United States of America   accuse an individual of sexually molesting. It s wrong for Trump, it s wrong for me. But you know something else? It s wrong for the American people,  he said.Leeds alleged this week in interviews with The New York Times and CNN that Trump groped her, touching her  wherever he could find a landing spot. The guy in the seat across the aisle could see. And I kept thinking, maybe the stewardess is going to come and he ll stop, but she never came,  Leeds told CNN.That allegation infuriated Gilberthorpe, a retiree living in northwest England, who said,  That I sat there   eyes bulging   and not intervening is nonsense. If there s evidence Trump s done it, sure, hang him from the post, but I was there, I was in a position to know that what she said was wrong, wrong, wrong,  he said.He immediately recognized Leeds when he saw video of her in The Times earlier this week holding up a younger picture of herself. Undoubtedly it was her,  he said.  I have a good photographic memory. I recognized her. He said he contacted the Trump campaign because he didn t like that Leeds said that another passenger sat by while she was molested. Via: NYP ",politics,"Oct 14, 2016",0
9823,9823,‘Unable To Sleep’ NFL Quarterback Regrets Not Standing For National Anthem #BoycottNFL,"The man who won two Super Bowls for the city of Pittsburgh says that he now regrets the fact that he and his Steelers teammates refused to stand on the field for the national anthem during Sunday s game. Now he regrets it? How is it that these athletes didn t feel strongly enough BEFORE the anthem to stand up? Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger says he regrets standing in tunnel with team for national anthem pic.twitter.com/4hkoC8o7o1  Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) September 25, 2017  I was unable to sleep last night and want to share my thoughts and feelings on our team s decision to remain in the tunnel for the National Anthem yesterday.    RoethlisbergerCAN T YOU BE UNIFIED AS A TEAM BY STANDING FOR THE ANTHEM? The idea was to be unified as a team when so much attention is paid to things dividing our country, but I wish we approached it differently. We did not want to appear divided on the sideline with some standing and some kneeling or sitting.  He closed out by saying:  I appreciate the unique diversity in my team and throughout the league and completely support the call for social change and the pursuit of true equality. Moving forward, I hope standing for the Anthem shows solidarity as a nation, that we stand united in respect for the people on the front lines protecting our freedom and keeping us safe. God bless those men and women.  He also spoke on Monday during practice in Pittsburgh and confirmed that the Steelers will not skip the anthem again this season. Read more: Daily Mail",politics,"Sep 25, 2017",0
1874,1874," Steve Bannon THREATENS Trump Over Removal From National Security Council, Administration In CHAOS","Yesterday, the Trump administration delivered a bombshell that no one saw coming   that former Breitbart News chief Steve Bannon, who is now serving as Trump s White House strategist, was being kicked off the National Security Council. While Bannon released a statement that seemed neutral enough, it turns out that s not how he really feels at all   and Trump is in trouble.According to a new report by the New York Times, Bannon aggressively disagreed with the decision to demote him. In fact, he was apparently so pissed off over being booted off the council that he even threatened to completely leave his position in the administration. The Times wrote: Mr. Bannon resisted the move, even threatening at one point to quit if it went forward, according to a White House official who, like others, insisted on anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. Mr. Bannon s camp denied that he had threatened to resign and spent the day spreading the word that the shift was a natural evolution, not a signal of any diminution of his outsize influence. Considering the fact that Bannon did not show up at Trump s press conference with Jordan s King Abdullah II, some bitterness on Bannon s part makes absolute sense.Bannon s position on the National Security Council has been controversial to begin with   it was a role he basically tricked Trump into giving him. Trump had signed off on an executive order without actually knowing what it said   and later got upset that he d accidentally and unknowingly given Bannon a position that he probably wasn t meant to have. Bannon had no relevant experience for a position on the National Security Council, but we all know that s hardly a prerequisite for a job in the Trump administration. Unfortunately for Trump, the White House is crumbling due to its own erratic, inexperienced staff.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",News,"April 6, 2017",0
27683,4181,"Trump extends program allowing some veterans to use local doctors, hospitals","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday moved a step closer to fulfilling his campaign promise to reform the troubled Veterans Affairs department, but some veterans groups are concerned that the administration may be working toward privatizing their healthcare. Trump signed a law extending the pilot “Veterans Choice” program, which allows some veterans to receive healthcare from local doctors and hospitals closer to their homes than the VA’s 150 hospitals and nearly 1,000 outpatient clinics. The law eases procedures for reimbursing private providers and creates a system for sharing medical records with them. “This new law is a good start, but there is still much work to do,” Trump said at a signing ceremony attended by VA Secretary David Shulkin and Florida Governor Rick Scott.  “We will fight each and every day to deliver the long-awaited reforms our veterans deserve.” Trump pledged to hold a news conference next week on “all of the tremendous things that are happening at the VA and what we’ve done in terms of progress and achievement.” Reforming the agency, rocked by a waiting-time scandal in 2014, was one of Trump’s most-repeated campaign trail promises. He has frequently suggested having the government pay outside physicians to provide veteran healthcare. During his confirmation hearings, Shulkin said he supported overhauling the agency but did not believe in privatizing it. Still, on Tuesday the VA announced it was seeking cutting-edge treatments from the healthcare industry for brain injuries, mental health problems and chronic pain. Extension of the “Veterans Choice” program could worry Democrats and other critics that Trump and Shulkin are inching toward sending some of the $65.6 billion the department spends annually on medical care to corporations and private businesses. Conservatives calling for privatization say the VA provides medical services to only about 45 percent of veterans, and they point to delays and inefficiencies dogging the current system.  Some veterans groups and Democrats have warned against moving funds away from healthcare providers with expertise in injuries and illnesses unique to serving in the armed forces. In a March report, the Government Accountability Office said veterans in the Choice program still face long wait times, mostly because cases must be referred to private contractors for scheduling.  Last year a congressionally mandated panel of experts found the Choice program was inefficient, but recommended establishing a community-based healthcare system that would include private doctors. ",politicsNews,"April 19, 2017 ",1
13101,13101,AMERICAN UNIVERSITY HIRES Former Islamic Terror Recruiter: “I trust him” [VIDEO],"9-11 is a distant memory for liberals George Washington University has hired a former Islamic extremist to work at its center on homeland security   a man who once denounced the United States and made threats against the creators of the TV series  South Park  for depicting the Prophet Muhammad in a bear suit.While reformed extremists have worked at universities in Europe to help fight terrorism, this is believed to be a first in the United States.Jesse Morton, who was known as Younus Abdullah Muhammad when he was a recruiter for the al-Qaeda, brings a  unique perspective  to counter-terrorism work, said Seamus Hughes, deputy director of the Program on Extremism at George Washington University s Center for Cyber & Homeland Security .Watch Younus Abdullah Muhammad here:During his days as an extremist, Morton earned a master s degree in international affairs from Columbia University.Hughes said before making the hiring decision, he discussed Morton with the FBI, leaders in the security community and the lawyers that prosecuted Morton.He said he s sure Morton is completely reformed from the days he served time in federal prison after inciting people to join a terrorist organization. I trust him,  he said.  We did our due diligence. Nadia Oweidat, a fellow at the think tank New America who s interviewed dozens of former extremists, said she doesn t doubt Morton s sincerity. People go through phases. They evolve and are finally able to see the light,  she said.She doesn t think Morton made up his de-radicalization to get a shorter prison sentence. When an extremist defects, they risk being completely targeted by their community   it s like saying you re gay publicly,  she said.  There are life-altering consequences and you don t approach it lightly. She said other organizations should also recruit former extremists in the hopes of preventing future massacres such as the San Bernardino shooting or the November terror attack in Paris, both committed by radicalized Islamists.   CNN",politics,"Sep 3, 2016",0
27202,3700,U.S. Treasury vows no special treatment for Trump in investment reviews,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Thursday pledged to treat “very seriously” any business dealings President Donald Trump or his family might have with foreign companies flagged by officials as national security risks. Mnuchin did not say any such cases existed. A senior Democrat pressed Mnuchin, in an appearance before senators, to produce a list of the Trump family’s business relationships with foreign companies.  Senator Sherrod Brown, the top Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee, said Mnuchin had not adequately responded to his March 2 letter asking if the Treasury had a list of Trump’s business partners to see if any of them were on sanctions lists or had been investigated by a national security watchdog that analyzes foreign investments. The Treasury released a copy of a March 31 letter responding to Brown which said the department works with other agencies “to address and mitigate potential conflicts of interest if and when they arise.” Mnuchin said he reviewed cases at the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) every week. The Treasury is the lead department among the government agencies that are part of CFIUS.  “I can assure you that if there were any cases that involve the president or any members of his family that they would be treated very seriously. We would review them as we would anything else,” Mnuchin told the Senate panel. Trump, a wealthy real estate developer, has declined to sell his global businesses despite demands from critics that he do so to avoid conflicts of interest. Trump has said his two oldest sons will have daily control of his businesses while he is president.  A Reuters review in March found that at least 63 individuals with Russian passports or addresses have bought at least $98.4 million worth of property in seven Trump-branded luxury towers in southern Florida. ",politicsNews,"May 18, 2017 ",1
24316,814,"House weighing 'host of ideas' in tax bill revision, Ryan says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Sunday that Republican lawmakers are weighing a “host of ideas” as the House tax-writing committee begins revising a tax bill this week, though he expects the broad outlines to remain the same. Ryan, a Republican, told Fox News Sunday that House tax writers are considering President Donald Trump’s call to include in the tax package a repeal of an Affordable Care Act provision that mandates individuals buy insurance coverage. “We have an active conversation with our members and a whole host of ideas on things to add to this bill. And that’s one of the things that’s being discussed,” Ryan said. The tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee will on Monday begin considering revisions to the tax bill released last week, which would constitute the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system since the 1980s. Ryan said he believes the House is still on track to vote on a revised tax bill before the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday on Nov. 23.  The Senate is developing its own version of the legislation, but Ryan said he expected it to be similar enough that the two chambers could resolve their differences and pass a tax bill before year’s end. “We had basically decided the big ticket items: the big 20 percent corporate rate – a 25 percent rate for pass-through businesses, the middle class tax cut,” Ryan said.  “All of those things are things we agree on, and so these bills are written within those details.  So that’s why those differences will be fairly narrow,” he added.  If it passes, the tax overhaul will be the first major legislative achievement since Republicans took control of the White House and Congress in January - and a rebound from their failure to overturn the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.  One sticking point among Republican lawmakers is the proposed repeal of a popular federal tax deduction for state and local tax (SALT) payments. The repeal would disproportionately hit taxpayers in states such as New Jersey, New York and California, which send enough Republican lawmakers to Congress to derail tax legislation. House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady worked out a compromise last week that would preserve the deduction for property taxes, but not state and local income taxes. The property-tax deduction would be capped at $10,000, but Brady has already said he would be open to raising that cap. “It’s wrong and it would have an extremely damaging effect on my constituents,” Republican Representative Peter King of New York said on ABC’s This Week of the proposed state and local tax deduction repeal.  King said that Trump voters from his district in the suburbs of Long Island, near New York City, have contacted him to object to the proposal. His vote, he said, is a no “as of now.”  Representative Mark Meadows, the head of a conservative Republican faction in the House, indicated that he will support the tax package, even though estimates show it could add $1.5 trillion to the federal deficit over the next decade. “We believe that the economic growth will outweigh any short-term deficit increase that we see,” Meadows told ABC’s This Week. The House tax bill’s impact on the federal deficit, and its underlying assumptions about economic growth, have already prompted several Republican senators to say they could not support it.  Republicans hold 52 seats in the 100-seat Senate and can only afford to lose two votes to pass tax legislation with Vice President Mike Pence as a tie-breaker. “I am a no,” Republican Senator James Lankford told “Meet the Press” on Sunday. “I want to be sure we have reasonable assumptions in the process for growth estimates.” ",politicsNews,"November 5, 2017 ",1
40085,16583,Peruvians take Glencore to court over police abuse allegations,"(Reuters) - Peruvian villagers suing miner Glencore will argue in London s High Court next week that the company should be held liable over their allegations they were abused by Peruvian police, the law firm representing them said on Tuesday. The allegations, to be presented in a 10-day hearing that starts on Monday, illustrates potential legal risks for mining companies that sign pacts with Peruvian police for the provision of security services at their operations. The lawsuit by 22 Peruvians said that Xstrata, acquired by Glencore in 2013, failed to take reasonable steps to prevent abuses by police in deadly protests at the Tintaya copper mine in 2012, said London law firm Leigh Day. Xstrata paid, fed and provided lodging for police and knew or should have known that Peru s police tend to use excessive force, Leigh Day said. Glencore said Xstrata was not responsible for actions taken by the Peruvian National Police (PNP) in policing the protests and noted that the lawsuit does not allege that Xstrata or the mine s private security force harmed anyone. Xstrata  appealed to the PNP to respect the human rights of protesters before and during the protest,  Glencore said in a statement. Like many mining companies in Peru, Xstrata had signed an agreement with Peru s national police for the provision of security services at Tintaya, which stopped operating in 2013. The agreements, which usually include payment for police, have long been criticized by activists who say it creates a police force loyal to companies instead of the broader public.     Defenders of the agreements say that they allow companies to pay for their policing needs in poor, remote regions where they tend to operate alongside villages that lack basic services. Leigh Day law firm said that a Peruvian villager believed to have been shot by police in the 2012 unrest will attend the hearing. The case will be determined under Peruvian law, the firm said. ",worldnews,"October 25, 2017 ",1
11200,11200,GOP LAWMAKER: Susan Rice Should Be Hit With Criminal Charges [Video],"WHAT DO YOU THINK? WE D LIKE TO KNOW!WATCH: Susan Rice insists  I leaked nothing to nobody  https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017 I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. ",politics,"Apr 5, 2017",0
6503,6503, Bernie Sanders Open To Being Clinton’s V.P. (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton is on the path to be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States. As the convention nears, Clinton and Sanders are still battling for every last vote, and rightfully so. But as the contest continues, supporters of both sides have descended into a fighting match over who would be the better option.But what if they both joined forces to take down Donald Trump?Well, while appearing on CNN with Wolf Blitzer, Bernie Sanders left the door open to being Hillary Clinton s vice presidential running mate. When asked, Sanders responded: Right now, we are focused on the next five weeks of winning the Democratic nomination. If that does not happen, we are going to fight as hard as we can on the floor of the Democratic convention to make sure that we have a progressive platform that the American people will support. Then, after that, certainly Secretary Clinton and I can talk and see where we go from there. Imagine if Sanders and Clinton joined forces to take down the xenophobic blowhard Donald Trump. Uniting liberals, progressives, moderates and independents with two strong candidates could bring a landslide election that Democrats need to cement a longer lasting legacy.While Republicans are jumping ship at the prospect of Trump being their nominee, Sanders decides to keep the greater good in sight.Sanders has already pledged to work with Democrats on building a progressive party platform, as has Clinton. The prospect of a Clinton-Sanders ticket would push the frontrunner further to he left, a move her campaign says will not continue. Should Clinton continue to move left, her campaign fears, would turn off moderate and independent voters who might be swayed by Donald Trump s impending  softer  image.Media outlets have listed an impressive group of progressive leaders to be Clinton s V.P. pick, including Senators Sherrod Brown (OH), Tim Kaine (VA), Elizabeth Warren (MA) and Bernie Sanders. Others include Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Health and Human Services Secretary Julian Castro, and former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick.Senator Sanders hasn t named off any potential V.P. picks yet, considering his climb to nomination is steep. Clinton hasn t come out with any selections yet, but that doesn t mean outlets aren t itching to guess.Some say Clinton shouldn t pick Sanders, saying Vermont is not strategic, and could be seen as a pander and a power grab.But we say it could be a powerhouse of progressive values that would resonate with the majority of Americans.Watch the Senator s remarks, courtesy of CNN: Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",News,"May 6, 2016",0
27019,3517,House panel has not subpoenaed Trump lawyer Michael Cohen: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House Intelligence Committee has not issued a subpoena to President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, as part of its probe into possible Russian election meddling and ties to the Trump campaign, people familiar with the investigation told Reuters on Tuesday. The Associated Press, citing an unidentified congressional aide, reported earlier on Tuesday that a subpoena had been issued. Cohen told ABC News he had been asked to provide information and testimony to investigators in the House and Senate, but had declined the request because it was “poorly phrased, overly broad and not capable of being answered.” ",politicsNews,"May 30, 2017 ",1
6984,6984, WATCH: Fox Host Jeanine Pirro Just DESTROYED Karl Rove And GOP Chair Reince Priebus,"The folks at Fox News are getting crazier on a minute by minute basis and although it s quite sad that this organization calls itself a news outlet, it s nonetheless quite entertaining watching Fox eat its own.In the latest of her rants, so-called   judge  and Donald Trump supporter Jeanine Pirro is ticked off at her cohort at Fox, nut-job extraordinaire Karl Rove and Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus  for their recent statements about a contested Republican convention and Donald Trump.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qINfdIhqzXM]Pirro usually reserves her outrageous statements for Democrats or Muslims, but this time she unleashed her fury on Rove and Priebus for their perceived anti-Trump stances. In response to Rove s suggestion that it would be acceptable for the Republicans to take the nomination away from Trump, even if he goes into the convention with the most delegates but not enough to secure the nomination, unhinged the Fox contributor. She said: The Republican establishment, desperate to stop Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, is still working to nullify our vote. If ever there were a time to not take away our vote, it s now   at a time when more people than ever are invested and voting. You want to keep your status quo   the one where one hand washes the other, and we pay for the soap. Pirro also reacted to Rove s remarks where he said a  fresh face  may be needed to beat Clinton in November. Pirro said: You want a fresh face? Aren t you the guy who kept bringing us one Bush after another? Continuing on her tangent, Pirro also attacked RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, calling him out for refusing to tell Sean Hannity  whether the presidential nominee for Republicans will be one of the top vote-getters   Trump or Cruz. Pirro said: Whatever happened to  your vote matters?  Not only is that infuriating, it is un-American. Watching all of these so-called conservatives and Republicans implode before our very eyes comes at just the right time as we head into the elections for November because it helps clarify that the GOP of today should not be in charge of this country. Featured image via video screenshot.",News,"April 10, 2016",0
40671,17169,Seoul considers unilateral sanctions against North Korea,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is considering levying its own sanctions on North Korea as the isolated state ramps up tension with its missile and nuclear provocations, the South s vice foreign minister said on Wednesday, but no decision had been made yet.  Vice Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam made the remarks at a news conference in Seoul with Deputy U.S. Secretary of State John J. Sullivan and Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Shinsuke Sugiyama.  ",worldnews,"October 18, 2017 ",1
9856,9856,ESPN’s Jemele Hill: Don’t Tell Me To Just “Stick to Sports” [Video],"ESPN s Jemele Hill might think she s a political pundit AND a sports anchor on ESPN but she s not. Americans are sick to death of ESPN turning everything into a political debate. Americans want to watch sports and are turning off ESPN in droves because of people like Hill. She s not getting the message. If ESPN wants to keep an audience, they might want to clue her in This video is from The Root They commented that Hill is using her  platform Platform? She s a ESPN sportscaster NOT a political pundit!IN CASE YOU MISSED IT   JEMELE HILL CALLED PRESIDENT TRUMP AND KID ROCK WHITE SUPREMACISTS:ESPN host Jemele Hill called President Trump and Kid Rock  white supremacists . It didn t end there she said in one of several tweets that Trump is  unfit  to be president. The screenshot below gives you an idea of how Hill represents ESPN on twitter. It s disgusting!What did ESPN do? You guessed it NOTHING! They tweeted out a mild apology and that s it!This is after Mike Ditka was fired for supporting President Trump and criticizing Obama.  Kurt Schilling was also fired after posting a picture on social media against transgender bathrooms.Why hasn t this woman been fired by ESPN?Please contact ESPN to let them know how you feel about this outrage: ESPNTucker Carlson spoke with the awesome Clay Travis last night. Travis shed some light on why Hill is still employed by ESPN:",politics,"Sep 21, 2017",0
43087,19585,Islamic State targets Iranian aid convoy in eastern Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State mortar shells on Wednesday targeted an Iranian aid convoy to areas recently captured by the Syrian army and its allies in Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria, a military media unit run by the government s ally Hezbollah said. The mortar injured one person and caused material damage, Hezbollah-affiliated al-Manar television reported, but the convoy, carrying over 1,000 tonnes of aid, was not damaged, it said. ",worldnews,"September 20, 2017 ",1
6631,6631, Watch Out NRA: President Obama Is Coming For You,"Where Congress isn t acting on gun reform, President Obama is doing whatever he can. He knows that the ever-present epidemic of gun violence in the United States isn t going to go away on its own, and it s not going to go away by adding more and more guns to the mix either. Common sense actions need to be taken, and that s exactly what the president is offering   NRA be damned.The president wrote Friday in a Facebook post: Today, I want to update you on some important progress we ve made to protect our communities from gun violence. As I said in January, these commonsense steps are not going to prevent every tragedy, but what if they prevented even one? We should be doing everything we can to save lives and spare families the pain and unimaginable loss too many Americans have endured.First, we ve jumpstarted the development of smart gun technology. Today, many gun injuries and deaths are the result of legal guns that were stolen, misused, or discharged accidentally. As long as we ve got the technology to prevent a criminal from stealing and using your smartphone, then we should be able to prevent the wrong person from pulling a trigger on a gun. So, my Administration released a plan today to expedite the development of smart gun technology, including by identifying the requirements that smart guns would have to meet in order for law enforcement to purchase and use them effectively   and keep themselves and the public safer in the process.Second, we re doing more to make sure that those who are already prohibited from obtaining a firearm can t get their hands on one. Today, we re announcing a rule to ensure that federal mental health records about individuals prohibited from buying a gun are reported to the background check system.Third, the White House will convene state and local elected officials from all 50 states in May to discuss their efforts to prevent gun violence through legislative and executive actions. The goal is to figure out what works on the ground when it comes to keeping our communities safe, and then share those practices.As long as I m your president, I will do everything in my power to make our communities safer and keep guns out of the wrong hands. That includes calling on Congress to pass the kinds of commonsense reforms supported by the vast majority of the American people.Making progress on these issues is how we honor the lives that have been lost by gun violence, and it s how we leave behind a stronger, more secure nation for our children. The initiative President Obama announced was just put on the White House blog in great detail, which can be found HERE.The president laid out his hope for smart guns back in January as well: Of course, though, the NRA is already fear-baiting their followers and getting people to be afraid of any changes that my take place..@POTUS' new #guncontrol push is ""alarming cops who say they don t want to be guinea pigs."" https://t.co/Auoo6o77wu #2A  NRA (@NRA) April 28, 2016And while the police have every right to be apprehensive, it s important to remember that something, anything, needs to be done to help push forth the effort for a safer United States. Promoting safer guns is an idea that should be embraced by all, and you d think any group, like the NRA, who says they re for  responsible gun ownership  would embrace an idea that made gun ownership more responsible.Within the same Politico article that the NRA tweeted out, it states: [Smart gun technology] wouldn t prevent most mass shootings, gun crimes or suicides   currently the biggest driver of gun deaths. However, they could cut down on the roughly 500 deaths each year from accidental shootings, especially by kids. Advocates also point to findings that most youth suicides are committed with a parents  weapon, and instances where officers  own guns are stolen in a scuffle and used to shoot them cause about 1 in 10 police deaths. It s important to note that this technology probably could have happened a long time ago had it not been for possible political backlash. The gun lobby currently owns several members of Congress, which is truly the biggest obstacle to getting common sense gun reform passed.What President Obama has put forth isn t an attack on guns, it s not an attack on gun owners, and it s not going to limit any rights of those who do and should be able to own guns. What it does is put forth measures to make guns safer, less accessible to those who shouldn t have them, and start a national conversation.The president is taking on the NRA and doesn t really care what they have to say, because all they care about is profit for their gun manufacturer buddies. Something needs to happen, and it needs to happen sooner rather than later.Featured Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",News,"April 29, 2016",0
11703,11703,Hillary Supporter MARK CUBAN Makes Most Ignorant Statement About Trump Since Election When He Claimed Stock Market Would Tank [VIDEO],"TMZ caught up with Mavericks owner and Hillary supporter Mark Cuban yesterday to ask what he thought of President Donald J. Trump. Arizona citizens must be thrilled to hear billionaire Mark Cuban who has personal security surrounding him talk about how ridiculous Trump s efforts to secure our borders and keep our nation safe from foreigners who sneak in with actual refugees with a goal of doing harm to our nation.WATCH CUBAN S SOUR GRAPES INTERVIEW HERE:Well, that s not exactly what happened now is it Cuban?Here s what REALLY happened to the stock market after Trump s election: Market Watch   U.S. stocks rallied Wednesday, with the Dow industrials jumping 257 points, led by a surge in financial, health-care and industrial stocks, as investors bet on the infrastructure spending policy promised by President-elect Donald Trump.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +1.40% gained as much as 316 points, briefly surpassing the all-time closing high set in August. The index closed 256.95 points, or 1.4%, higher at 18,589.69, its highest level since Aug. 18. Pfizer Inc. PFE, +7.07% and Caterpillar Inc CAT, +7.70% led the gains, rallying more than 7%.Way to go Cuban you just reminded us of how little you know about economics or choosing the right candidate for President Keep up the great work Mark. You re really helping out your brand. ",politics,"Feb 9, 2017",0
37949,14447,Haitian army set to make controversial return after two decades,"CAP-HAITIEN/PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - Haiti s president on Saturday heralded the re-establishment of the country s military after 22 years, a divisive issue in the impoverished Caribbean nation which has a history of bloody coups and political instability. Haiti has been without military forces since 1995, when former president Jean-Bertrand Aristide disbanded the army after returning to power following a coup, leaving the national police responsible for security.       The army s comeback has been a divisive topic in a country still suffering from a catastrophic earthquake and a fierce hurricane in recent years, with critics and activists concerned that armed forces would meddle in politics and rob essential resources from education and health care. Haitian President Jovenel Moise on Thursday named former army colonel Jodel Lesage as acting commander-in-chief, moving troops closer to full operation. The appointment still needs to be approved by Haiti s senate. On Saturday, Moise welcomed the army s anticipated return with a parade featuring dozens of camouflaged soldiers toting rifles in the northern coastal city of Cap-Haitien, calling on Haitians to recall the Battle of Vertieres won against French colonialists exactly 214 years ago.  The army is our mother,  he said.  When your mother is sick and wears dirty clothes, you do not kill her. You take her to the hospital. So let us join forces to provide needed care to our mother.      After Haiti s independence, the military mounted dozens of coups and its forces were accused of rampant human rights abuses. Moise acknowledged that history, but vowed that the new military would be different.  The United Nations has called for increased support for the Haitian National Police (HNP) with about 15,000 members.  A U.N.-backed mission to aid Haiti s justice system and law enforcement arrived in October, replacing a much larger peacekeeping mission that had focused on stability efforts since 2004.  Having demonstrated its ability to maintain stability and guard against security threats, the HNP has emerged as one of the most trusted governmental institutions in Haiti,  U.N. spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement last month. Haitian defense minister Herve Denis told Reuters the army will begin with 500 soldiers in engineering, medical and aviation corps, but is still working to fill its ranks. A recruiting process was well underway by last July, attracting many young men in a country that is the poorest in the Americas. Denis said the government plans to ultimately expand to 5,000 troops working to protect Haitian borders, fight terrorism, curb illegal trade and aid Haitians affected by natural disasters. Government opponents fear the Moise administration could use the military to crack down on foes despite the president s claims that troops will steer clear of politics.  I don t believe the Moise regime really wants to reinstate the army, but instead set up a political militia to persecute political opponents,  said Andre Michel, spokesman for an opposition coalition that has called for Moise s resignation.    ",worldnews,"November 19, 2017 ",1
435,435, Trump’s Own Diversity Council Member Fact-Checks Him On DACA: ‘He’s A Liar’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s team is turning against him at record speed, and he s just been sent a strong message by a member of his own diversity council.Recently, Trump announced that he is going to get rid of the DACA program, marking his latest attack on immigrants. While much of America is furious over this, it seems like Trump has pissed off even his own team. Javier Palomarez, president of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and diversity council member to Trump, just destroyed Trump for recently claiming that he  loved  the 800,000+ people in the program. Palomarez pretty much tore Trump apart on CNN as he told Jim Acosta: If he gets rid of DACA, he s showing that he s a liar. He has said to this country that he is going to try to protect the people in the DACA program, that he was focused on getting rid of criminals. Palomarez made sure to point out the positives of DACA recipients, which includes high graduation and employment rates   far from the  drug dealers  and  rapists  labels that Trump had made up for immigrants during his 2016 presidential campaign. Palomarez even stated that he was so disgusted with Trump s announcement that he is considering resigning from Trump s diversity council. He said: I m gonna work right up until the bloody end to try to convince this president to do the right thing by these 800,000 Dreamers who reside in this country. Trump s policies and plans are disgusting even members of his own team. So far, any of Trump s staff have resigned over his inhumane ideas, and there aren t any signs of this pattern slowing down. Trump is a nightmare for any administration members that give a damn about human rights, and it s clear that many members are struggling with the lack of morale. You can watch the interview below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",News,"September 5, 2017",0
18333,18333,LIBERAL NIGHTMARE! HUNDREDS OF VOTERS WITHDRAW Registrations As States Comply With Trump’s Voter Fraud Commission [VIDEO],"If this keeps up, the Democrats will never win another election Several county clerks in Colorado said they ve seen hundreds of people withdraw their voter registrations following the state s announcement that it would comply with President Trump s voter fraud commission.In Denver, a spokesperson for the Denver Elections Division said 180 people have withdrawn their registrations in the county since Monday, according to a Denver Channel report.In Arapahoe County, which contains the city of Aurora, at least 160 people have withdrawn their registrations since July 1.The counties normally see fewer than 10 withdrawn registrations in similar time frames.Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams said last week he would submit the registrations requested by the Trump administration.Numerous states have said they won t comply with the request for voter registrations, which include the last four digits of Social Security numbers and other identifying information. CNN reported earlier this week that 44 states refused to comply with the request by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who serves as vice chair of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity.Kobach disputed that number Wednesday, saying only 14 states and the District of Columbia have refused.   Washington Examiner",left-news,"Jul 12, 2017",0
30150,6648,Trump says picks Mulvaney to be White House budget director,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said on Saturday he has chosen U.S. Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina to be his White House budget director, turning to a fiscal conservative to help pursue his policy agenda. The nomination to be director of the White House Office of Budget and Management will require Senate confirmation. The announcement was made as Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, began his holiday vacation at Mar-a-Lago, his oceanfront club in nearby Palm Beach, Florida. Mulvaney, 49, was an outspoken critic of former House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner, who resigned in 2015 amid opposition from fellow Republicans who were members of the House Freedom Caucus. Mulvaney’s selection points to a strategy by Trump to cut government where he can. The president-elect in recent days has, for example, railed against what he has labeled a far too expensive new version of the Air Force One aircraft he will fly that Boeing is supposed to build. In a statement announcing his selection, Trump called Mulvaney a strong voice in Congress for “reining in out-of-control spending, fighting government waste and enacting tax policies that will allow working Americans to thrive.” “With Mick at the head of OMB, my administration is going to make smart choices about America’s budget, bring new accountability to our federal government, and renew the American taxpayer’s trust in how their money is spent,” Trump said. Mulvaney said the Trump administration “will restore budgetary and fiscal sanity back in Washington”. “Each day, families across our nation make disciplined choices about how to spend their hard-earned money, and the federal government should exercise the same discretion that hard-working Americans do every day,” Mulvaney said. Trump on Friday night vowed to seek approval from Congress to spend $1 trillion in new spending to rebuild America’s crumbling network of roads, bridges, airports and other infrastructure as a way to create jobs and make some needed repairs. “We are going to fix our country. It’s time. We have no choice. It’s time,” Trump said in Orlando, Florida. Democratic President Barack Obama had sought infrastructure spending but was thwarted by Republicans in Congress. ",politicsNews,"December 17, 2016 ",1
28258,4756,Lawmaker says U.S. foreign surveillance 'unmasked' Trump associates,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee set off a political firestorm on Wednesday when he said the communications of members of Donald Trump’s transition team were caught up in incidental surveillance targeting foreigners. Representative Devin Nunes said at a news conference that it was possible President Trump’s own communications were also intercepted and disseminated among U.S. intelligence agencies. The White House seized on Nunes’ remarks, which had cited anonymous sources, to bolster Trump’s unproven assertion that former President Barack Obama’s administration spied on the incoming president. Nunes himself said there is no proof of that, as have other lawmakers of both parties and the FBI director. A short while later, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer cited Nunes’ comments at his White House news briefing. “I do think it is a startling revelation, and there’s a lot of questions that need to get asked,” Spicer said. Democrats denounced Nunes’ statements as highly unusual from the chairman of an intelligence committee, with the top Democrat on the committee saying its members had not been informed and implying that Nunes was giving political cover to the president. Intelligence reports about the communications appeared to “unmask” the identity of the Trump associates and the names were widely shared among the agencies, Nunes said. He said it was possible Trump’s own communications were also collected. The National Security Agency routinely collects electronic communications on foreigners through a variety of surveillance tools. But information about Americans is also sometimes incidentally gathered, such as when someone is communicating to a foreign target.  Typically the names of Americans are made anonymous, or masked, in foreign intelligence reports unless an intelligence agency determines the identity of that person is relevant to national security or a criminal investigation. It was unclear why the reports Nunes cited contained unmasked names. A U.S. government source said it was logical, if not normal, that communications from Trump aides would have been incidentally intercepted by U.S. agencies after his election, given that they would have an interest in talking to foreign governments. Trump took office on Jan. 20. Two days ago, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey, told a hearing of Nunes’ committee that his agency was conducting a criminal investigation of potential links between Trump associates and Russia’s attempts to influence the 2016 U.S. election to benefit Trump. “I recently confirmed that on numerous occasions the intelligence community ... collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition,” said Nunes, who was himself on Trump’s transition team. Nunes said he was referring to intelligence reports of communications collected under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. “I want to be clear, none of this surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities or of the Trump team,” he said. Trump said he felt “somewhat” vindicated by Nunes’ announcement after being briefed by Nunes. FBI head Comey on Monday said that Trump’s claims were groundless. According to Nunes, the conversations in question were collected legally in November, December and January. In an interview with CNN, the committee’s leading Democrat, Adam Schiff said, “The chairman will need to decide whether he is the chairman of an independent investigation into conduct which includes allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, or he’s going to act as a surrogate of the White House, because he cannot do both.” Nunes’ remarks appeared tied to a line of questioning from Republicans during Monday’s hearing about the importance of identifying and prosecuting those responsible for intelligence leaks. Republicans have focused much of their discussion of the issue on the release of the names, or “unmasking” of Trump associates in the investigation. Trump fired his former national security adviser, General Mike Flynn, after the revelation that he had spoken to Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, during the transition - which was leaked to the press after those calls were caught by surveillance intercepts. Nunes appeared to suggest intelligence reports about intercepts other than Flynn’s conversations existed.     Former intelligence officials and Democrats said Nunes’ announcement was highly unusual from the chairman of an intelligence committee. Schiff said he was not consulted by Nunes before his news conference. Nunes’ decision to share the information with the White House before informing the committee was a “profound irregularity,” Schiff said, adding that “a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way.” Schiff said the unmasking of a U.S. person may be appropriate in the context of an investigation. U.S. intelligence agencies have accused Russia of seeking to influence the presidential election in Trump’s favor against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton by hacking computer systems and spreading disinformation. Russia denies the allegations. Nunes said he was “very concerned” about whether U.S. intelligence agencies were spying on Trump. He briefed Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan before the news conference and went to the White House to share the information. Admiral Mike Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, was asked by Republicans at Monday’s hearing about the agency’s policies for “unmasking” the names of Americans whose communications were incidentally collected under foreign surveillance programs. Rogers said that 20 NSA employees, including himself, have the authority to unmask the identity of an American’s communications, and that senior officials at the CIA, FBI and Justice Department can make such a request. Asked how many Americans had been unmasked since June 2016, Rogers said he did not know. ",politicsNews,"March 22, 2017 ",1
17916,17916,WATCH: DETROIT ARTIST Takes Knee and Raises Fist While Singing National Anthem At Lions Game…Young Boys Standing Next To Him Appear To Be Confused,"Local artist Rico Lavelle was given the distinct honor and privilege of singing the national anthem on the Ford Field at the start of the Lions football game on Sunday. Singing the national anthem has always been about honoring our flag and the brave women and men it represents who have given their lives for our nation. The seriousness of what happened near the end of Lavelle s performance cannot be understated. Rico Lavelle used his privilege to honor our flag and our military to instead, take a stand against our current President, to support a divisive, Black Lives Matter, anti-cop movement, and to salute the violent Black Panthers on a national stage.The video in and of itself is very disturbing as it shows a total and utter lack of respect for the honor bestowed upon Lavelle, but if you watch closely, you ll see 3 or 4 young black boys who also had the privilege of taking part of the national anthem on the field. Sadly, the young boys appear to be confused about what the local artist Rico Lavelle, aka Midwest Rico, is doing when he kneels and raises his fist. Perpetuating the lie that America is more racially divided now than ever before, or that all police officers are bad people is (hopefully) not why the Lions asked Lavelle to honor our flag with his rendition of the  Star Spangled Banner .Watch:Rico Lavelle sang the anthem AND took a knee pic.twitter.com/mgno4HCzZQ  Jasmine (@JasmineLWatkins) September 24, 2017Lavelle s performance didn t end on the field, he immediately took to Twitter to criticize President Trump for being  Un-American .How can the ""leader"" of the free world be so UN-American?  rico lavelle   (@midwestrico) September 24, 2017Later on Twitter, Lavelle retweeted a message of encouragement from the Boston Globe Deputy Washington Bureau Chief and CNN contributor, Matt Visor:Here is the tweet of encouragement from the  NOT very objective Washington bureau chief of the Boston Globe and #VeryFakeNewsCNN political analyst Matt Viser:While hitting the last note of the national anthem in Detroit, singer Rico LaVelle took a knee as young black boys looked on pic.twitter.com/lVkQvKV7Sk  Matt Viser (@mviser) September 24, 2017To which Lavelle responded by calling himself an  example :Be the example https://t.co/UavKROgfl6  rico lavelle   (@midwestrico) September 24, 2017As a side note, FBI released data yesterday showing Detroit as the winner (again) as the nation s most violent big city.At 84.3%, Detroit has the highest percentage of black residents.Perhaps the players and owners of NFL teams would be better served to try and find ways to save black youths from killing each other, rather than manufacturing racial issues or putting targets on the backs of our brave law enforcement officers. The stunning chart below from the Brookings Institute provides a pretty strong argument that racism and law enforcement is not what s harming the black community:",left-news,"Sep 26, 2017",0
35718,12216,Russia detains seven members of Islamic State cell planning attack: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s FSB security service said on Friday it had detained seven members of an Islamic State cell who had been planning attacks in public places, the Interfax news agency reported, citing an FSB statement. The members of the group had been detained in St Petersburg on Dec. 13-14, the FSB said, according to Interfax. ",worldnews,"December 15, 2017 ",1
39786,16284,Burundi takes steps to extend president's rule as crisis deepens,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Burundi s cabinet backed a constitutional change that would allow its president to stay in office until 2034, widening a political rift that has driven the country progressively deeper into crisis. Under existing laws, Burundian presidents are limited to two five-year terms. Unrest that has gripped Burundi since April 2015, when Pierre Nkurunziza announced he would stand for a third, has killed hundreds, left the economy moribund and forced about 400,000 people to seek safety in neighboring countries. UN rights investigators and independent activists have accused government forces of widespread violations including forced disappearances, and of orchestrating a campaign of terror.  A senior government official told Reuters on Friday that the cabinet adopted the draft legislation seeking to amend the constitution on Tuesday. Nkurunziza, who has been in office since 2005, won re-election in July 2015 in a ballot that critics said violated the constitution and the terms of an agreement that ended a previous rebellion.  Nkurunziza s backers said the country s constitutional court had cleared him to run again, but some opponents took up arms against his rule and insecurity has plagued the country since.  Other African leaders have in the recent past also tinkered with or defied their constitutions to extend their rule, including Uganda s President Yoweri Museveni, Rwanda s Paul Kagame and Democratic Republic of Congo s Joseph Kabila. Proposed amendments under the Burundian bill seek to abolish the two-term limit and lengthen presidential terms to seven years. Incumbents would be able to serve two consecutive terms of seven years each and also be eligible to seek re-election after an interregnum. If the amendment was passed by parliament,  the current head of state can rule until 2034,  the source said. A second official told Reuters the government would hold a referendum on the draft legislation next year, but did not say which month. Opposition officials have criticized the legislation which they say was initiated in secrecy and designed to entrench Nkurunziza in power.   No one knew what was being done. It was done in total secrecy...we will always oppose it,  deputy president of the opposition FRODEBU party, Leonce Ngendakumana, told Reuters.  The constitution should not be revised in a tense social climate.   ",worldnews,"October 27, 2017 ",1
331,331, Trump Whines That The Media Wouldn’t Film His Crowd In Alabama – CNN Makes A Fool Out Of Him,"Trump s desperation to convince people that the Great Liberal Media Conspiracy Against Him is real is getting way out of control. On Twitter earlier, he cried that nobody was asking about the media s totally biased coverage of Hillary during the election. He also claimed at a rally a while back that the press was turning their cameras off during his speech because they didn t want their audiences to hear what he had to say. CNN made him look stupid for that. Then tonight, in Alabama, he did it again, and CNN made him look even worse for it.He said,  Fake news. They won t show this,  referring to his obsession with his crowd sizes. He then went on to say: They ll say  Donald Trump spoke before a small crowd in Alabama last night. It was a small crowd. A very unenthusiastic crowd. It was a terrible evening. CNN had split the screen between him and his crowd before he started this diatribe. Seriously   he said this while CNN was showing his crowd. Watch below:Trump says the fake news media won t show the crowd at his rally   while CNN is literally running a split screen of the crowd. pic.twitter.com/mRtPaAr38Z  Jim Dalrymple II (@JimDalrympleII) September 23, 2017In fact, according to Jim Dalrymple II, CNN had been running the split screen for most of the rally.Trump might be able to convince his fans that the media is dishonest, but anyone who can actually think can see just how badly he s embarrassing himself whenever he talks about the  fake news  media. Give it up, Donnie. We see right through you.Featured image via Michael B. Thomas/Getty Images",News,"September 22, 2017",0
44002,20500,UK publisher rejected request to block academic articles in China," (This Sept 8 story corrects headline, clarifies timing of request in paragraph 3.) By Fanny Potkin and Michael Martina LONDON/BEIJING (Reuters) - Britain s Cambridge University Press has rejected a request from its Chinese state-owned importer to block online access in China to scholarly articles from the American Political Science Review.  A request was indeed made by the Chinese importer, but was not acted upon by Cambridge University Press, so no content was blocked,  a spokeswoman for CUP said in an emailed statement. CUP later clarified that the request had been made early last month. China s State Council Information Office told Reuters on Friday that importers of foreign publications must verify that the products are legal. In August, CUP, the publishing arm of the elite Cambridge University, reversed a decision to block online access in China to several hundred articles and book reviews in the China Quarterly, a leading academic journal on Chinese affairs that has been published since the 1960s. It said it had blocked the articles, which covered sensitive topics including the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests, the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution and Tibet, in order to keep its other academic and educational materials available in China. Academics called the decision an affront to academic freedom.  The State Council Information Office, responding by fax two weeks after a Reuters request for comment, said that publishers choose for themselves to import materials based on market demand and the law.  All publications imported into China s market must adhere to Chinese laws and regulations. Publication importers are responsible for checking the content of their imported publications,  it said, without mentioning CUP. ",worldnews,"September 8, 2017 ",1
25340,1838,"Senate passes disaster aid, government funding, higher debt ceiling","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved $15.25 billion in aid for areas affected by Hurricane Harvey and other natural disasters, along with measures that would fund the federal government and raise its borrowing limit through Dec. 8. The 80-17 Senate vote came after the House of Representatives on Wednesday approved roughly $8 billion in disaster relief. The legislation will now return to the House, which is expected to vote on the revised package by the end of the week.  President Donald Trump met with congressional leaders on Wednesday to work out a deal to attach short-term, three-month measures in the Senate to fund the federal government at current levels and raise its borrowing limit, known as the debt ceiling. Conservatives in the House have balked at the scope of the Trump-brokered deal, which attached two, crucial fiscal measures, calling it a win for Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. The $15.25 billion in emergency funding includes $7.4 billion for the Disaster Relief Fund at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, $450 million for the Small Business Authority’s disaster loan program and $7.4 billion for the Community Development Block Grant program at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Representative Mark Walker, chairman of the conservative Republican Study Committee, RSC, sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday saying he opposed attaching the debt-ceiling raise to disaster aid. He suggested that spending reforms the group would like should be attached to either the current deal or legislation in December when Congress revisits the issue. The RSC does not typically vote as a bloc but Walker’s letter provides insight into the thinking of its members. Of 240 House Republicans, 156 are RSC members. There are 194 House Democrats and one open seat, meaning passage of the package could depend heavily on Democratic votes. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had wanted to raise the debt ceiling through the 2018 midterm congressional elections but Democrats knew that would “destroy any negotiations leverage that we would have” over the coming months, Pelosi told reporters on Thursday. ",politicsNews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
20961,20961,"NEW “Fair Share” App, “EQUIPAY” Allows Users To Split Restaurant Bill Between Guests, Based On Gender, Sex and Race","A Socialists dream!  Now you can check your privilege at the door. With the Equipay app, you ll never have to walk away from a restaurant with friends wondering if you paid your fair share It s a huge dilemma for progressives: on the one hand, it s terribly patriarchal for a man to pay for a woman s dinner. On the other hand, the gender pay gap of feminist mythology holds that women only make 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man. So isn t the failure to pay just another contribution to structural sexism?Equipay, a new app for Android and the iPhone has a solution. Developed by San Francisco-based  comedian  Luna Malbroux, the app divides bills between dinner guests according to their race and gender. For example, black women, who allegedly make just 64 cents on the dollar compared to white men, would only pay 64 per cent of their share of the bill.According to the app s website,  Equipay helps you avoid the entrenched discrimination that exists in our society. It doesn t split the bill equally it splits it equitably. You pay what you should to balance out the wage gap. The app is free to use   unless you re a member of a  high-privilege group.  Then there s a surcharge. As the site explains:  When dining out with a high privilege group, Equipay automatically adds an EquipayItBack Surcharge. This fee subsidizes meals for others and funds Equipay s charitable arm. Thanks! Last but not least, the app allows users to let their followers know whenever they ve used the app to smash the patriarchy at the dinner table. In a live presentation of the app, Melbroux described how a user,  Graham  shares his Equipay-powered purchase on social media  to show that he is a social justice ally. Of course, having informed the world of his use of Equipay, it remains to be seen if  Graham  will ever be invited out for a meal again.The app won first prize at San Francisco s  Comedy Hack Day,  which brings  comedians, developers, and designers together.  However, Melbroux insists that the app isn t a joke. In an interview with Care2, she expressed hopes that the app would start a serious conversation:  I hope that this, more than anything, starts a discussion and helps people to start thinking a little bit differently about how we can use more technology and more innovation to address inequality and wage inequality. For the rest of us, the app s social media sharing function will give us a useful list of people to never invite out for dinner.  Via:Breitbart",left-news,"Feb 24, 2016",0
6740,6740, Guess Which Supreme Court Justice Got Caught SLEEPING During A Case (IMAGE),"These days, a certain few justices on the Supreme Court (the Republicans, of course) are known to be doing little more than occupying space and selling their votes to the corporate owners of the Republican Party. The one who is most notorious for being a useless sack of protoplasm is Justice Clarence Thomas. The guy never says a word. He just sits there, staring into space and waiting until he can render his verdict. It s a contemptible type of conduct for someone who is supposed to help decide on issues that are of grave importance to millions of   if not all   Americans on a daily basis.Thomas has openly admitted in the past that he has a work ethic that can be summed up best by the word  zero.  There were times he had admitted that he decided how he would rule on a case before it even started. This is literally judicial malpractice. As a judge, the essence of how you do your job is tied to listening to evidence and making a conclusion based on the facts in an impartial way. What Clarence Thomas does is a complete abdication of his responsibilities as a Supreme Court justice.So  you must be wondering,  What does Clarence Thomas do all day at work if he doesn t actually DO or even SAY anything? You ll get your answer by hitting the play button below:look at this drawing from SCOTUS oral arguments yesterday pic.twitter.com/eSTR9IiEfN  sarah jeong (@sarahjeong) April 22, 2016A courtroom artist decided to be brutally honest and draw Clarence Thomas doing exactly what he does   sleeping on the job.Yes, a judge on the highest court in the free world, responsible for deciding cases of monumental importance to the function of our republic, finds it to be just fine to just sit and sleep during his work day. After all, it s not like he will have anything to say! Why not just sit there and sleep while getting paid. Right?This is the trash you get when you have Republican presidents. This is why it s important to vote.Featured image via Wikicommons",News,"April 23, 2016",0
25094,1592,"Wisconsin, Ohio, California among states targeted by Russian hackers in 2016 race","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Wisconsin, Ohio, California and 10 other states said on Friday they were among 21 states that Russian government hackers targeted in an effort to sway the 2016 presidential election in favor of Donald Trump though no votes were changed. The Department of Homeland Security confirmed it had notified the states of the activity but declined to identify them. Russia has denied election meddling, and President Trump has denied any collusion with Russia. Alabama, Alaska, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Minnesota, Texas and Washington state also confirmed they were targeted by Russian hackers but said they were not successful. Arizona and Illinois confirmed last year that they were targets.  The Associated Press confirmed Iowa, Maryland, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Oregon, Oklahoma and Virginia were also targets, bringing the total states identified to 21. Those states did not immediately return messages seeking comment late Friday. “There remains no evidence that the Russians altered one vote or changed one registration,” said Judd Choate, president of the U.S. National Association of State Election Directors.  Wisconsin Elections Commission Administrator Michael Haas said Homeland Security told the states that “Russian government cyber actors” targeted state voter registration systems. Homeland Security officials have said that in most of the 21 states only preliminary activity was observed from hackers and a small number of networks were compromised. Some states had complained in June they had no idea if Russians had attempted to infiltrate their systems. California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said Friday that hackers had scanned state election systems but not breached the system. “It is completely unacceptable that it has taken DHS over a year to inform our office of Russian scanning of our systems, despite our repeated requests for information,” he said. Homeland Security spokesman Scott McConnell said in a statement the government believes “officials should be kept informed about cybersecurity risks to election infrastructure” but also wants to protect “the integrity of investigations and the confidentiality of system owners.” U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded the Kremlin orchestrated an operation that included hacking and online propaganda intended to help Trump win, Reuters reported in August. Senator Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat who co-chairs the Senate Cybersecurity Caucus, said Friday in a statement it is “unacceptable that it took almost a year after the election to notify states that their elections systems were targeted.” He said officials must inform states of attempts to enter election systems “just as any homeowner would expect the alarm company to inform them of all break-in attempts, even if the burglar doesn’t actually get inside the house.” Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams said DHS told it that its systems were scanned in the weeks before the 2016 election. “A scan is similar to burglars jiggling the doors of a house and moving on when they realize the doors are locked,” the state said. Washington state’s top election official, Kim Wyman, said the state learned in 2016 of attempted intrusions from Russian internet addresses and immediately alerted the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The list of targets includes battleground states like Wisconsin, Ohio and Iowa, but other key states like Michigan said Friday they were told they were not targeted. It also included states that were not seriously contested like California and Texas.         Wisconsin was one of a handful of battleground Midwestern states that helped Trump win the presidency over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Trump carried the state by 22,748 votes, or about 0.8 of a percentage point. Many of the other states were not seriously in contention in the 2016 race. Several congressional committees are investigating and special counsel Robert Mueller is leading a separate probe into the Russia matter, including whether Moscow colluded with the Trump campaign.",politicsNews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
26042,2540,Impact of firing Sessions could be troublesome for Trump,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump could trigger a political and legal backlash if he escalates his attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions into an attempted purge of U.S. law enforcement officials, lawmakers and legal experts said on Tuesday. In lashing out against an investigation of possible ties between his 2016 campaign and Russia, Trump is slamming Sessions, prompting speculation that the president wants to oust the attorney general.[nL1N1KG11O] If Robert Mueller, the special counsel running the Russia investigation, is Trump’s ultimate target and he moves to fire Mueller, a legal and political showdown could ensue. Senator Angus King, an independent from Maine, told CNN on Tuesday that he expected fellow lawmakers would not tolerate any effort by Trump to replace Sessions with a loyalist, especially if it appeared aimed at undermining Mueller’s investigation. “The senators are going to be very skeptical about this,” said King, who normally votes with Democrats. “My expectation is you’d see a special prosecutor pass by veto-proof majorities in both houses. And the investigation would continue.” Trump, who dismissed James Comey as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as it was looking into possible Russian connections, was asked about Sessions at a news conference on Tuesday and said, “Time will tell. Time will tell.” These remarks followed Twitter messages by Trump in which he described Sessions as “weak” and “beleaguered.” Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell told reporters in a Capitol hallway on Tuesday that Sessions is “doing a fine job.” Republican Richard Shelby told reporters Sessions, formerly his fellow senator from Alabama, is “not the president’s lawyer; he is the attorney general of the United States.” Here are basics on the law covering dismissal of Justice Department officials, including Mueller, who was appointed by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein because Sessions is recused from matters dealing with the Russia investigation. On what grounds could Mueller be fired? Justice Department regulations say a special counsel can only be removed for “misconduct, dereliction of duty, incapacity, conflict of interest, or for any other good cause.” Do Trump’s claims that Mueller is on a “witch hunt” and that he is conflicted constitute “good cause?”   Probably not. No court has ever interpreted the meaning of “good cause” in this context. But Mueller has a sterling reputation and there is no indication he has exceeded the scope of his mandate, said Andrew Wright, former associate counsel in the Obama White House and professor at Savannah Law School. Campaign donations from members of Mueller’s team to Democrats do not pose a conflict of interest, Wright said. Could Trump directly fire Mueller?     Probably not. Department of Justice rules say the special counsel can only be fired by the attorney general or the acting attorney general. Trump has criticized Rosenstein for appointing Mueller and due to Session’s recusal, Rosenstein has sole authority to fire Mueller. But a few constitutional lawyers have said that Trump might be able to lawfully fire Mueller directly. Saikrishna Prakash of the University of Virginia Law School said the special counsel regulations may interfere with the president’s broad power under the Constitution to remove executive branch officials. “I don’t know if that regulation is constitutional,” he said. If Trump fires Sessions or Sessions quits, could Trump handpick an attorney general who would fire Mueller? Normally, the president nominates an attorney general who must win Senate confirmation. If Trump followed this course, the Senate would likely press any nominee on his or her intentions on terminating Mueller, Prakash said.  “The Senate is going to want promises that this person will be independent of the White House and not be a toady,” he said.  How else could Trump name an attorney general who he believes would fire Mueller? Under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Trump could appoint an interim attorney general, but only someone previously confirmed by the Senate. The law can only be invoked to replace officials who die, resign or are “otherwise unable” to do their job. If Trump invoked the Federal Vacancies Reform Act to replace Sessions, a court may rule that Trump overstepped, Josh Chafetz, a professor of constitutional law at Cornell Law School, said. What about a recess appointment?  Trump could try replacing Sessions while the Senate is on summer recess, expected to begin Aug. 11. The constitution grants the president such authority, said Stephen Vladeck, constitutional law professor at the University of Texas School of Law.      The Supreme Court ruled in 2014 the president cannot make a recess appointment during recesses of less than 10 days. The Senate calendar is controlled by Trump’s fellow Republicans.      Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that Democrats would use every tool at their disposal to block a recess appointment of a Sessions replacement. If Mueller were fired, could he mount a court challenge? Unclear. Vladeck said the special counsel regulations do not address this question. If he brought a lawsuit, Mueller likely would argue the rules would be pointless if there was no way to enforce them, Vladeck said. ",politicsNews,"July 25, 2017 ",1
5027,5027, OOPS: Trump Supporter Argues Hillary Could Rig Election Because Republicans Do It All The Time,"Talk about throwing your own party under a bus. This Trump supporter literally said the GOP has rigged elections and that is supposed to prove that Hillary Clinton has rigged the 2016 Election.Roger Stone is one of Trump s biggest supporters and in defense of the Republican nominee s assertion that the 2016 Election is  rigged  in favor of Hillary he wrote a column for The Hill in an attempt to demonstrate that Trump is right to be concerned. Not only did it go badly, but the Republican Party must be totally pissed off about it.That s because Stone claimed that Wisconsin Republicans, under Reince Priebus s leadership, were successful at rigging five elections in the state to make sure things went their way. As someone with great sentimental attachment to the Republican Party, as I joined as the party of Goldwater, both parties have engaged in voting machine manipulation,  Stone claimed before naming names.  Nowhere in the country has this been more true than Wisconsin, where there are strong indications that Scott Walker and the Reince Priebus machine rigged as many as five elections including the defeat of a Walker recall election. Stone even accused Priebus of orchestrating Ted Cruz s victory over Trump in Wisconsin earlier this year:When the Trump vs. Cruz primary took place, the same pattern emerged again of a Marquette University poll showing a 20 point shift from Trump ahead by 10% to Trump behind by 10%, which was simply absurd. Shifts like that don t happen over brief intervals of time, absent a nuclear explosion. It didn t make any sense   unless you knew what was going on was an  instant replay  of Walker s victories. The machine Priebus built was delivering for Cruz big time.In short, Trump s longtime ally just tried to prove that Hillary could rig the election by accusing Republicans of rigging five elections and a primary in Wisconsin.Of course, this doesn t prove Trump s accusation against Hillary. What it does do, however, is call into question the trustworthiness of Republicans. If Reince Priebus is capable of rigging elections in Wisconsin to the point where Republicans can win five of them he is definitely capable of rigging a national election to make sure Republicans gain absolute power even though all of the polls indicate that Trump is losing this election badly.Trump own man just kneecapped the GOP nominee s own claims by shifting the election rigging accusation to Republicans.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",News,"August 16, 2016",0
36370,12868,Libyan mayors meet for more leverage to tackle country's meltdown,"TUNIS (Reuters) - More than 90 mayors from across Libya s political divides are meeting for the first time in an effort to shore up their role in tackling conflict-linked crises and promote themselves as a unifying movement. Local councils are one of the few parts of the vast North African state still functioning in a country where rival camps have split the government and major institutions as they vie for power and a share of shrunken oil revenues.  When a citizen grumbles or complains about a service, he goes to the municipality. There is no other place for him to go,  said Abdulrahman el-Abbar, mayor of the eastern city of Benghazi, before the three-day meeting that began on Wednesday in Hammamet in neighboring Tunisia - security risks and political schisms make meeting inside Libya difficult.  You need to reinforce (the municipality s) powers so that it can provide the right services to the people.  Despite Libya s oil wealth, public services were weak under Muammar Gaddafi s long rule. As Libya splintered and  lawlessness set in following the 2011 uprising that ousted Gaddafi, services steadily collapsed. A U.N.-backed government has largely replaced a self-declared rival in the capital Tripoli, but a third, almost powerless government, has held out in eastern Libya, aligning itself with military commander Khalifa Haftar. All have overseen a worsening of living conditions, leaving residents seeking local or improvised solutions.  Abdulrahman al-Hamedi, mayor of Tripoli s Abu Salim district, says he has few resources to support residents crushed by rapid inflation, cash shortages and disrupted services. In what used to be one of the region s richest countries, monthly wages are now often worth less than $100 because of the sharp depreciation of the Libyan dinar on the black market, Hamedi said. Abu Salim has been shaken by militia battles from the revolution until earlier this year, and is also home to large numbers of displaced people from other conflict-ridden areas.   Currently the security situation is relatively stable,  said Hamedi.  The economic situation is really terrible, given the lack of basic services that the citizen would normally be provided with, such as electricity or water or gas, or obtaining cash or even food products.  The United Nations relaunched a peace process in September, but the mayors have little hope of quick progress.  The Hammamet meeting, which was facilitated by the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue, a Geneva-based private diplomacy organization, brings elected mayors from the west aligned with the U.N.-backed government together with eastern mayors, some of whom, like Abbar, owe their positions to Haftar.  They are discussing ways to act as a force for reconciliation as well as pressing for devolved powers.    All the Libyan municipalities are in contact from the extreme east to the extreme west and the south; we don t have any problems,  said Yousef Ibderi, mayor of Gharyan, 80 km (50 miles) south of Tripoli, who uses a walking frame after being hit by a sniper s bullet early last year.  In the last three and a half years there has been no strong government, there s been no presence of the governments at all, but the municipalities were active despite a complete lack of budget and means, they were the guardians of stability and peace,  he said.   So we consider decentralization to be a very, very important solution and one that we need to work on.  ",worldnews,"December 7, 2017 ",1
33486,9984,Trump blasts 'rigged' rules on picking Republican delegates,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump lashed out at what he called the party’s “rigged” delegate selection rules on Monday after rival Ted Cruz swept all of Colorado’s 34 delegates over the weekend. The New York billionaire, who has been outmaneuvered by Cruz in a series of recent state meetings to select national convention delegates, said the process was set up to protect party insiders and shut out insurgent candidates. “The system is rigged, it’s crooked,” Trump said on Fox News on Monday, alleging the Colorado convention results showed voters were being denied a voice in the process. “There was no voting. I didn’t go out there to make a speech or anything, there’s no voting,” Trump said. “The people out there are going crazy, in the Denver area and Colorado itself, and they’re going absolutely crazy because they weren’t given a vote. This was given by politicians - it’s a crooked deal.” Trump has 743 bound delegates to 545 for Cruz, according to an Associated Press count, in the battle for the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination on the first ballot and avoid a messy floor fight at the Republican National Convention from July 18-21. But both are at risk of not acquiring enough delegates for a first-ballot victory, leaving many free to switch their votes on later ballots. That has set off a fierce scramble by Republican candidates to get their supporters chosen as convention delegates and brought new scrutiny to the selection rules, which vary by state. Trump, who has brought in veteran strategist Paul Manafort to lead his delegate-gathering efforts, complained about Cruz’s recent success at local and state party meetings where activists pick the actual delegates who will attend the national convention. Trump accused Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, of trying to steal delegates in South Carolina. Trump won the state primary in February, but Cruz supporters got four of the first six delegate slots filled at congressional district meetings on Saturday, according to local media. Cruz also succeeded at getting more of his supporters chosen as delegates in Iowa, where he won the caucuses in January, and at last week’s state convention in North Dakota. “Now they’re trying to pick off those delegates one by one,” Trump said. “That’s not the way democracy is supposed to work. They offer them trips, they offer them all sorts of things and you’re allowed to do that. You can buy all these votes.” Trump distributed a video of what he said was a Colorado voter setting his Republican Party registration on fire in protest of the process. “Great people being disenfranchised by politicians,” Trump said on Twitter, adding the Republican Party was “in trouble.” Guy Short, a Cruz backer in Colorado who was elected as a Republican national convention delegate for the sixth time, disputed Trump’s allegations. “Donald Trump is a liar,” Short told Reuters in an email. “Nobody was offered anything. In fact, I spent thousands of dollars of my own money campaigning to become a delegate because it’s that important to make sure Donald Trump is NOT our nominee.” Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer told Fox News the process for choosing delegates had been set by states for more than a year and was no secret. “Not understanding that is one thing, but it’s hardly rigged when it’s done right out in the open,” he said. Cruz campaign spokeswoman Alice Stewart said Trump was insulting the process to distract from his losses. “He has a pattern of whining when he isn’t winning,” she said in a statement. Trump’s organizational troubles even extend to two of his children. Eric Trump, 32, and Ivanka Trump, 34, missed the deadline for registering as Republicans to vote in next week’s New York primary. State records show both are registered voters who are not enrolled in a party, ABC News reported. For already registered voters, any request to switch party affiliation must have been made by early October. The deadline for new voter registrations was March 25. Trump was the target on Monday of a new ad by the Democratic front-runner, Hillary Clinton, that listed Trump’s comments on women, Mexican immigrants and Muslims. Both Clinton and rival Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, have tried to position themselves as the Democrat most capable of defeating Trump. “Donald Trump says we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other,” Clinton’s ad said. “It’s wrong and it goes against everything New York and America stand for.” ",politicsNews,"April 11, 2016 ",1
33813,10311,Top Senate Republican tells Supreme Court nominee: Senate will not act,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell told President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland by phone on Wednesday that Republicans will not act on his nomination or meet with him, a McConnell spokesman said.”Rather than put Judge Garland through more unnecessary political routines orchestrated by the White House, the leader decided it would be more considerate of the nominee’s time to speak with him today by phone,” McConnell spokesman Don Stewart said in a statement.  McConnell told the appellate court judge that “since the Senate will not be acting on this nomination, he would not be holding a perfunctory meeting, but he wished Judge Garland well,” Stewart added.  ",politicsNews,"March 16, 2016 ",1
5716,5716, Hillary Gives HUGE Middle Finger To GOP Bigots With Surprise Showing In NYC Pride Parade,"While Donald the Trump is busy making the rounds decrying immigration, Hillary Clinton decided to make a surprise appearance in New York City for Pride. She joined NYC mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor Andrew Cuomo on the parade route near the Stonewall Inn   an especially fitting show of solidarity and support following the Orlando massacre.Hillary has worked hard on reaching out to the LGBT community, and right now, they need it more than ever. The entire community was rocked to its core by the Orlando massacre, and how they feel right now is evident in Pride celebrations that are more subdued than usual.Some have avoided Pride altogether out of fear. Others have refused to engage anybody that might show the slightest hint that they re bigoted towards the LGBT community. Make no mistake, Orlando was a direct attack on their community and they have every reason to be terrified right now.Where are the Republicans who decried Orlando? Oh, right, twiddling their thumbs, shaking their heads, and making empty gestures so they don t piss off their evangelical base. Paul Ryan said that authorities knew Omar Mateen had specifically targeted the LGBT community. Then he gave the LGBT community a big  fuck you  when he introduced a rule that the House wouldn t vote on any measure giving workplace protections to LGBT employees of federal contractors.Marco Rubio pretended to mourn the massacre while saying that it can make people think harder about where they can best serve their countries. It s not likely he s talking about military service, and that was a ridiculous way of saying he ll continue to work on behalf of the hate-filled evangelicals from which the horror of Orlando came.And then there s good ol  Ted Cruz. He tried to use Orlando to convince people that it s really the Democrats who are responsible for the deaths of millions of LGBT people all over the world. So why isn t he marching in Pride parades, then? He should if he really wants to make the point that it s not his side of things that caused this.Trump himself once thanked the LGBT community and claimed nobody would be better for them than him, because he ll allegedly fight for their freedoms while Hillary wants to take them away. However, he s also said he d never appoint justices to the Supreme Court who would support marriage equality, and wants people who would give serious thought to overturning Obergefell v. Hodge. Since when is taking a right away from a specific group of people the same as fighting for their freedom?Hillary supports full equality and isn t afraid to say so. She s also unafraid to show up at a major Pride event to show her support. She didn t let the organizers know about her plans because monkey wrenches of all sorts had already been thrown into the works for so many Pride celebrations, thanks to Orlando, so it wasn t totally a surprise. However, some of her campaign volunteers said that she had been planning this for weeks. She would have appeared to show support and solidarity even if Orlando hadn t happened. The GOP? We hear crickets from them, if not outright discriminatory statements.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"June 26, 2016",0
19701,19701,BREAKING: OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Demands RNC Reveal Trump’s Plans To Prevent Voter Fraud,"Just look away. The Democrats don t have any plans to steal your vote. If you don t believe us, ask this Obama appointed judge who s making it his business to make sure Republicans don t get involved protecting the sanctity of the vote for every American A federal judge is ordering the Republican National Committee to detail any agreements it has with Donald Trump s campaign to engage in  ballot security  efforts in connection with next week s election   something the national GOP has been banned from doing for decades without court approval.The order also instructs the RNC to explain by 5 p.m. Tuesday what Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence were talking about in recent comments when they said that Trump s campaign was working closely with the RNC to make sure there is no fraud at the polls. Newark, N.J.-based U.S. District Court John Vazquez issued the order Monday after the Democratic National Committee went to court last week to allege that the RNC was violating consent decrees from the 1980s settling a case alleging that GOP pollwatchers sought to intimidate minority voters in a practice then known as  caging. The agreements allow the RNC to organize poll watchers, but prohibit any effort to intimidate voters as they enter a polling place or to challenge individual voters, except as part of a program approved in advance by the court.Here s a little reminder (video below) of how the New Black Panthers intimidated voters outside of a polling place in Philadelphia. But by all means, the RNC and the Trump campaign should just look away The RNC insists it has worked to ensure compliance with the agreement and submitted to the court a series of memos sent to its personnel, national committee members and others from August through this month reminding them about the consent decree and the need to remain at arms length from all ballot security efforts. The memos tell RNC workers, officials and volunteers not to engage in poll watching efforts at all, not to take video or audio recordings at polling places and not to mention ballot fraud concerns on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter.However, in August, Pence appeared to indicate there was a joint effort by the Trump campaign and the RNC to combat voter fraud.  The Trump Campaign and the Republican National Committee are working very, very closely with state governments and secretaries of state all over the country to ensure ballot integrity,  Pence said at a town hall meeting in Denver in August.In addition, Conway reportedly told the Washington Post last month that the Trump campaign is  actively working with the national committee, the official party, and campaign lawyers to monitor precincts around the country.    Politico",left-news,"Nov 1, 2016",0
42090,18588,Austrian chancellor pledges to get to the bottom of smear campaign,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s Social Democratic (SPO) Chancellor Christian Kern pledged on Sunday to get to the bottom of his party s connection to a smear campaign against the head of the main opposition People s Party two weeks before a parliamentary election. Austrian newspapers reported on Saturday that Tal Silberstein, a former SPO adviser dismissed this summer, was behind two websites making unsubstantiated allegations against Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, whose People s Party is leading polls ahead of the Oct. 15 parliamentary election.  It matters to me that we gain full transparency on what happened. We decided to set up an internal task force to review what happened in a thorough and transparent way,  Kern told journalists at a press briefing in Vienna. SPO chairman Georg Niedermuehlbichler announced his resignation on Saturday over the matter. Kern said the SPO had stopped working with Silberstein on Aug. 17, including all money transfers, and that it was not clear why the activities attributed to him continued and even intensified after that date.   I am referring to anti-semitic propaganda that I reject with all my heart,  Kern said. Reuters has been unable to reach Silberstein for comment. Kern said he was also very interested in finding out who was behind leaked emails during the campaign that were aimed at harming him. He hinted that other political parties might be involved. The leader of the Green Party, Ulrike Lunacek, said in a statement that if Kern had indications that other parties were involved he should make them public. Herbert Kickl, secretary general of Austria s far-right Freedom Party (FPO), said in a statement Kern had  missed his chance to step down honorably  and was instead trying to present himself as a victim. ",worldnews,"October 1, 2017 ",1
7795,7795, Pastor Shot And Killed In The Middle Of Church Service In Ohio,"A routine church service at the St. Peter s Missionary Baptist Church in Dayton, Ohio turned violent when a gunman walked in and shot the pastor. Rev. William Schooler was in the pulpit when he was murdered in cold blood as his choir sang behind him. According to local station WDTN, the pastor s brother, 68-year-old Daniel Schooler, is in custody due to suspected involvement in the killing of his brother. No motive is known at this time.There were roughly 20 attendees at the service, and they all ran to flee the gun violence. The event happened at about 12:22 Eastern Time. The victim was a retired and celebrated member of the city s school system as both a teacher and a principal in addition to being a figure of the religious community.Now, to hear the gun lobbyists and gun nuts tell it, this would have been prevented if there had just been one good guy with a gun to make sure that the shooter was taken down prior to killing anyone. But, honestly? Who is expecting to be shot down in a church, of all places? No matter what one might think of organized religion, churches are places that most people go for peace, worship, community, and ultimately salvation. It s likely the last place most reasonable people feel the need to go packing heat. However, the NRA would have us believe otherwise.No, the solution is not MOAR GUNS! This man died because a deranged lunatic came into his church and gunned him down in cold blood. The solution is not more guns, and more armed people in more places, or the extinguishing of gun-free zones. The solution is putting policies in place that make sure such people don t get their hands on weapons in the first place.It really has gotten so bad that we cannot go about our normal activities   like, say, going to church   without fearing for our lives. And that s a damn shame.Rest in peace, Rev. Schooler. You didn t deserve this.Featured image via screen capture from WDTN",News,"February 28, 2016",0
44519,21017,"China's Xi says BRICS countries should deepen coordination, quicken reform of global economic governance","XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - BRICS countries should deepen coordination on important global matters and quicken global economic governance reform, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday.  Speaking at the BRICS summit in the southeastern Chinese city Xiamen, Xi also said BRICS countries have made smooth progress on anti-terrorism and internet security cooperation. ",worldnews,"September 5, 2017 ",1
14432,14432,New Poll Shows Trump Beats GOP Candidate In His Home State,"This is YUGE for Trump and his supporters In a must-win state for any GOP candidate, this is the best news Trump could receive leading into Ohio s primary election A three-way race for the 66 delegates up for grabs in the Ohio Republican Presidential Primary is developing, and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) is on the outside of that race looking in.An Ohio Primary poll published Tuesday by Quinnipiac shows Donald Trump leading the way with 31 percent support, followed by home state Gov. John Kasich, with 26 percent. Kasich is trailed by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), holding 21 percent of supporters.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) is a distant fourth in Ohio. He sits at 13 percent. Dr. Ben Carson trails Rubio with only 5 percent of likely Ohio voters.Some 38 percent of respondents said they would consider changing their mind before the March 15 Primary, while 5 percent are currently undecided.Though Trump leads the way, he also leads on the negative side. A third of likely voters said they will  definitely not support  the businessman. The Donald Trump train begins the three-week campaign for Ohio s crucial delegates on the right track and holds a small lead over the Buckeye State s own governor, John Kasich,  said Peter A. Brown, the assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll, in a statement released with the survey.  A Kasich Ohio win is crucial to the Republicans trying to stop the New York businessman s nomination. If Trump can defeat Kasich in his home state, that would be an impressive demonstration of his strength in a state that is just now getting attention. But Trump s lead is just 5 points, certainly not large enough for him to breathe easy,  he added.The Quinnipiac poll surveyed 759 Ohio likely Republican primary voters with a margin of error of +/- 3.6 percent, and 518 Ohio likely Democratic primary voters with a margin of error of +/- 4.3 percent. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Feb 23, 2016",0
44494,20992,Europe could soon be within range of North Korean missiles: France,"TOULON, France (Reuters) - France s defense minister warned on Tuesday that North Korea could develop ballistic missiles that reach Europe sooner than expected.  The scenario of an escalation towards a major conflict can not be discarded,  Florence Parly said in a speech to the French military.  Europe risks being within range of (North Korean President) Kim Jong Un s missiles sooner than expected,  she said.   ",worldnews,"September 5, 2017 ",1
118,118, The Resistance Just Gave Trump A Huge F**CK YOU On Election Night,"Tuesday was a big election night for an off-year election. This was especially true for Democrats. It was a true test of the power of The Resistance, because despite Donald Trump s awfulness, initially we lost five straight special elections for Congressional seats vacated by people who went to work in Cabinet positions in the Trump Administration. Therefore, it was a HUGE relief as the election results rolled in on Tuesday night.The Democrats gained a governorship, as Democrat Phil Murphy roundly thumped Republican and LT. Governor and ally to outgoing Governor Chris Christie Kim Guadagno, and Democrat Ralph Northam beat Republican Ed Gillespie in Virginia. Despite the fact that Gillespie ran a positively Trumpian campaign, full of racism and anti-immigrant fear-mongering, it didn t work. Gillespie is not Teflon Don. Also, Danica Roem made history by becoming the first transgender person to be elected to the Virginia House of Delegates. The icing on the cake here is that she beat incumbent Robert G. Marshall, who is a proud homophobe who regularly peddled so-called  bathroom bills.  After twenty-six years, the very embodiment of everything this man hates has pushed him from public office.Further, of course liberal New York City re-elected Mayor Bill de Blasio, who won in a landslide. This is the first time the Democrats have swept all three big off-year races   New York Mayor, New Jersey Governor, and Virginia Governor   since 1989.Dems have won all three of the marquee off-year races   NJGov, VAGov, NYC Mayor   for the first time since 1989.  Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) November 8, 2017Tuesday night was a round rejection of the bigotry and divisiveness that has characterized everything about Donald Trump, the campaign he ran, and his entire administration   from his racist Attorney General Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, to his bigoted Vice President Mike Pence, to the white nationalists that have paraded in and out of Trump s adult daycare center White House. All in all, it s a great night for the Resistance. But remember   celebrate tonight, get back to work tomorrow. 2018 is just around the corner.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"November 8, 2017",0
27627,4125,U.S. states realign in legal battle over Trump's travel ban,"SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s travel ban on citizens of six Muslim-majority nations faces its second challenge at a U.S. appeals court next month, and this time more Republican states are backing the measure, while one Democratic state attorney general dropped out of the legal fight this week. Some legal experts say the states’ realignment could signal that the changes made last month to Trump’s original executive order have strengthened the government’s case. Sixteen Democratic state attorneys general and the District of Colombia on Thursday filed a “friend of the court” brief backing Hawaii in its bid to block the March 6 executive order, which two federal judges put on hold before it could be implemented. Hawaii and other states argue the ban violates the U.S. Constitution because it discriminates against Muslims. But Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro, who opposed the original ban that Trump signed on Jan. 27, did not join Thursday’s brief, which was filed in the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco. Shapiro declined to comment.  On the other side, Texas, which had been alone in its support for the original January order, has gained the support of 14 Republican states urging that the ban go forward in a legal brief filed on April 10. Those states back the government’s argument that the president has wide authority to implement immigration policy and that the ban is needed to prevent terrorist attacks. Trump’s original ban, which the president said was needed for national security to head off attacks by Islamist militants, applied to seven Muslim-majority nations and indefinitely banned the entry of all refugees from Syria. It was revised and narrowed after a flurry of legal challenges. “The second executive order was much more carefully written than the first. Maybe when various states analyzed it they weren’t as interested as joining,” said Stephen Yale-Loehr an immigration expert at Cornell University Law School. However, he said, “amicus briefs sometimes are filed for political reasons.”  Some judges pay close attention to amicus briefs, while others disregard them. The U.S. Department of Justice declined to comment. Trump’s January order was hastily implemented just days after his inauguration, leading to chaos and protests at airports and more than two dozen lawsuits. A federal judge in Seattle halted the order and the 9th circuit upheld that ruling. The White House re-crafted the order to exclude legal permanent residents and removed Iraq from the list of targeted countries. Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen are still included in the new order. The new ban also dropped language giving preference to refugees who are part of a persecuted religious minority in their country of citizenship. The changes were meant to chip away at the plaintiffs’ “standing” to sue, which requires that anyone bringing a lawsuit show they have been directly harmed by the action they are contesting.  But as soon as the second order was signed, states and civil rights groups went back to court, saying that it was still discriminatory.  Federal district judges in Maryland and Hawaii put the second order on hold before it could take effect on March 16.   The judge in Hawaii blocked the two central sections of the ban, on travel and refugees, while the Maryland judge only halted the travel portion.  Most of the focus is now on the Hawaii case, which is being heard by the 9th Circuit on May 15.  The 4th Circuit appeals court in Virginia is slated to hear arguments in the Maryland case on May 8.  Not all states have staked out a side in the fight. Pennsylvania now is among 18 states, including Michigan, Ohio, and New Jersey that have not taken sides on the issue, opting not to file any legal briefs.      ",politicsNews,"April 22, 2017 ",1
34033,10531,South Dakota House fails to override veto of transgender bathroom bill,"(Reuters) - The South Dakota House of Representatives failed on Thursday to override a veto by Governor Dennis Daugaard of a bill that would have made the state the first in the United States to dictate what bathrooms transgender students can use in public schools.  By a vote of 36-29, supporters of the bill did not muster the two-thirds vote required in both chambers to override the veto. The Republican-controlled House had approved the bill beyond that threshold in January.     The proposed law would have required transgender pupils to use restrooms and locker rooms in public schools that correspond to their gender at birth.  Supporters, including conservative Christian groups such as Family Heritage Alliance Action, said the bill would enhance the privacy of all students. But civil rights groups said the measure would expose schools to legal challenges over access to restrooms and that it violated Title IX, a federal rule regarding discrimination in public schools. “Fairness and equality have prevailed over this unconscionable legislative assault on transgender children,” said Chad Griffin, president of the Washington-based Human Rights Campaign, a gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender civil rights organization, reacting to the vote on Thursday. The bill would have required schools to provide “reasonable” accommodations for transgender students. Those accommodations include a single-occupancy restroom, a unisex restroom or the supervised use of a restroom, locker room or shower room designated for use by faculty. In vetoing the bill on Tuesday, Daugaard, a Republican, said it would invite conflict and litigation, diverting resources from education. In December, a suburban Chicago school district reached an accord with the U.S. government over locker room access for a transgender student after the U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights found the district discriminated against the student in violation of Title IX.  Daugaard’s veto came about a month after a U.S. appeals court heard arguments over whether a high school in Virginia should be ordered to allow a transgender male student to use the boys’ bathroom. Last week, local lawmakers in Charlotte, North Carolina, voted to allow transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their gender identity. Republican State House of Representatives Speaker Tim Moore said he would consider legislation to block the measure. ",politicsNews,"March 3, 2016 ",1
19173,19173,“COMEDIAN” GEORGE LOPEZ Who Said About Trump Supporters: “There Are Enough Racists In This Country To Get Him Elected” Goes On Vile Rant Against Woman…Makes Racist Comments [VIDEO],"When a woman in the audience objected, Lopez went off on an unbelievable, vile rant against her ***WARNING***Strong language*** There are only two rules in the Latino family. Don t marry somebody black, and don t park in front of our house,  Lopez said during his set, which prompted a woman in the audience to put up her middle finger.In a clip of the incident obtained by TMZ, Lopez is seen responding to the woman s gesture by calling her a  bitch  and telling her,  Sit your f**king ass down or get the f**k out. Sit your f**king ass down,  Lopez repeated three times.  I m talking, bitch. You paid to see a show. Sit your ass down. You can t take a joke, you re in the wrong motherf**king place. Sit your f**king ass down or get the f**k out of here. You have two choices,  he continued.  Shut the f**k up or get the f**k out. I ll tell you what. I ll make the choice for you. Get the f**k out of here. I ll make the choice for you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Watch: Via: Huffington Post ",left-news,"Feb 9, 2017",0
43581,20079,Myanmar’s Suu Kyi working to get aid to Rohingya: McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday he had spoken with Myanmar s Aung San Suu Kyi and that she said she was working to get aid to the Rohingya Muslim areas in the Southeast Asian nation that were affected by violence. Suu Kyi  agreed with the need for immediate and improved access of humanitarian assistance to the region, particularly by the International Red Cross, and she conveyed that she is working toward that end,  McConnell said on the Senate floor. McConnell, whose Republicans control majorities in both houses of Congress, repeated earlier criticism of a resolution introduced in the U.S. Senate urging Suu Kyi to do more for Myanmar s ethnic minority Rohingya population, and lessening the chance that any such measure could pass. McConnell has had close ties to Suu Kyi for years. He said Suu Kyi, a Nobel prize laureate and de facto head of the government in Myanmar, also known as Burma, told him when they spoke on Wednesday that violations of human rights would need to be addressed. Attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts last month triggered an army operation that has killed more than 400 people, destroyed over 6,800 houses and sent nearly 400,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh. Suu Kyi has been a target of criticism from fellow Nobel laureates and religious leaders across the world for failing to condemn human rights abuses against the Rohingya during the military s fierce response to Rohingya militant attacks. The United Nations appealed Thursday for massive help for the nearly 400,000 who fled to Bangladesh, amid concern the number could keep rising unless Myanmar ends what critics denounce as  ethnic cleansing.  McConnell said Suu Kyi s position in the government was  exceedingly difficult  and that as a civilian, she had virtually no authority over the military. He warned that weakening her could interfere with the country s transition from decades of military rule. McConnell said he expected a briefing soon from Suu Kyi s office and that she was  trying very hard to improve conditions  for the Rohingya.  Burma s path to representative government is not at all certain and is certainly not over. And attacking the single political leader who has worked to further democracy within Burma is likely to hinder the objective over the long run,  McConnell concluded. ",worldnews,"September 14, 2017 ",1
21944,21944,US Thanksgiving Guide: How to Celebrate a Sordid and Genocidal History," Table set for thanksgiving in Siem Reap. (Photo: Andre Vltchek)Andre Vltchek NEOA table was set up for two, an advertisement table, a table with a photo of a giant turkey, two elegant plates, and a U.S. flag sticking out into the air. Thanksgiving at Angkor Royal Cafe , a flier read. And:  23rd November  Join us for a traditional Thanksgiving Feast .This was at one of the international hotels in Siem Reap, a Cambodian city near the world architectural treasures of Angkor Wat and the ancient Khmer capital, Angkor Thom.The same day I read an email sent to me from the United States, by my Native American friends, with a link to an essay published by MPN News, called  Thanksgiving Guide: How to Celebrate a Sordid History . It began with a summary: While millions of Americans prepare this week to get into the holiday spirit, beginning with Thanksgiving, how many are prepared to view the day through an accurate lens? While to many Americans the holiday serves as a reminder to give thanks, it is seen as a day of mourning by countless of others. The truth is: European migrants brutally murdered Native Americans, stole their land, and continue to do so today . The day became an official day of festivities in 1637, to celebrate the massacre of over 700 people from the Pequot Tribe.In a hotel, I approached a cheerful French food and beverage manager and asked him whether he was aware of what he was suggesting should be celebrated in one of his restaurants? Oh I know I know,  he replied, laughing.  It is a little bit controversial, isn t it? Bit controversial?  I wondered.  It appears more like you are inviting people to celebrate genocide, a holocaust, with free flowing wine and a giant turkey. I am trying to see things positively,  he continued grinning at me. Then he summarized:  So I guess you won t be joining us tonight? What a pity What a pity,  I thought,  what a pity.  I won t get to eat that famous American pie tonight and turkey and who knows what else, just because I am not eager at all to celebrate the massacres and land grabs perpetrated by the Empire.The manager couldn t help asking:  Where are you from? I knew he would ask. No European would say what I was saying. I m Russian,  I replied. Oh I see,  he gave me that  I should have guessed smile . Russian-American,  I added.I m convinced that the French manager has been sincerely oblivious about what I was stating. He is supposed to be oblivious. There are, after all,  our genocides , and  the genocides of the others .  Our genocides , those that we triggered or committed, should never be discussed. Or more precisely, it is extremely impolite to discuss them. Most of the people don t even know about them, including many of the victims. On the other hand, the genocides committed by the others, particularly by adversaries of the West, are widely discussed, publicized, analyzed, inflated and very often even fabricated (All this described in detail in my 840-page book  Exposing Lies Of The Empire ).Cambodia is the textbook case of the latter. Here, several decades ago, the U.S. and its allies first supported the hopelessly corrupt and brutal government in Phnom Penh, while triggering a monstrous carpet-bombing campaign of the Cambodian countryside, mainly near the border with Vietnam. This was supposed to prevent the country from  going Communist , or at least  Ho Chi Minh style Communist . Hundreds of thousands of villagers were murdered by the bombing. Millions were forced to hit the road, leaving their dwellings, as the countryside was converted into a giant minefield, covered by unexploded ordnance.Further hundreds of thousands died from starvation and diseases. Furious, mad from suffering, the people of Cambodia rose against the collaborators with the West in Phnom Penh. Pol Pot and his Khmer Rouge took the capital virtually unopposed. Recently, deep in the jungle, I spoke to the former Pol Pot s personal guards. I asked them point-blank whether they knew anything about Communism.  Nothing at all,  I was told.  The U.S. was murdering our families, for no reason. Corrupt elites were selling the country to the West. We were all outraged, and ready for revenge. We would follow anybody calling for revenge.  However, the West is passing the events, to this day, as a  Communist genocide .Rwanda is yet another  case  of a twisted narrative. I made an entire full-length documentary film   Rwanda Gambit   on the subject. There, the West turned the history upside down, reducing the entire tragedy into a primitive and easy-to-digest narrative of bad Hutus killing good Tutsis. Yet even the former U.S. ambassador Robert Flatten told me that his country groomed, armed and supported the deadly RPF, mainly Tutsi army, which had been, before 1994, raiding the Rwandan countryside from neighboring Uganda, burning villages and killing civilians.While a former Australian lawyer and U.N. investigator, Michael Hourigan, supplied me with information about the downing of the plane, which, in April 1994, killed both the Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana and Burundian President Cyprien Ntaryamira, while on the final approach to Kigali airport. The orders to shoot down the plane were given by the RPF leader Paul Kagame, who was in turn sponsored by the West. This event triggered the terrible bloodletting on 1994. The next year, in 1995, the Rwandan army entered the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and participated in the killing of at least 9 million people, mainly civilians, on behalf of Western governments and multi-national companies, making it the worst crime against humanity in recent history.In fact, almost all the major genocides committed by the West or its allies in modern history, are  silent ones , including those in Iraq, Syria, Iran, West Papua, East Timor, DRC, Indonesia, Afghanistan, Angola, and dozens of other unfortunate places all over the world.The gruesome genocides committed by the West all over the world, during the last 2,000 but especially during the last 500 years, are never defined as such; never as  genocides . Throughout history, European countries have been destroying, systematically, most of the cultures on all continents of the Planet, enslaving virtually all the non-white nations, plundering and looting its colonies (read: almost all the non-white nations of the world), while exterminating hundreds of millions of men, women and children. The death toll has been rising, accumulating, to near 1 billion, according to the testimony of one of my friends, a senior U.N. statistician.I will return to the  Cambodian story  soon, on the pages of this magazine. And I will be returning, again and again, to the genocides committed by Europe and North America, virtually everywhere. Unless the history is understood and acknowledged, the world has no future, and there can be no solutions to the terrible problems that our humanity is facing.But for now, let me conclude this brief essay by saying that I did not participate in the consumption of turkey and American pies on Thanksgiving holiday, in the Cambodian city of Seam Reap.My thoughts went to those 700 people from the Pequot Tribe who rebelled, stood firm and died for freedom, almost 400 years ago. These were some of the first fighters against Western imperialism. These were the  Americans  that I admire, this is America that had been terribly damaged but not yet completely destroyed. No overly sugary, sentimental and empty words could fully choke its essence, as no gluttony and food orgies could ever fully silence the screams of the pain of those who died in the hands of the European invaders, during and after the conquest of what has been so cynically christened as the  New World .***Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are his tribute to  The Great October Socialist Revolution  a revolutionary novel  Aurora  and a bestselling work of political non-fiction:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire . View his other books here. Watch Rwanda Gambit, his groundbreaking documentary about Rwanda and DRCongo and his film/dialogue with Noam Chomsky  On Western Terrorism . Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter.SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",US_News,"December 2, 2017",0
43783,20281,"Brexit talks put back a week, EU expects May speech","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union postponed a new round of Brexit negotiations by a week until the end of the month in what EU diplomats said was to allow time for Prime Minister Theresa May to make a key speech in about 10 days. In confirming a delay until Sept. 25, which Brussels had been expecting, the British government said in a statement it was a joint decision taken because  more time for consultation would give negotiators the flexibility to make progress . There has been no confirmation in London that May will make any speech around Sept. 21. There was no immediate official comment from the European Commission, which is the EU executive. However, diplomats in the EU capital said they had been told on Tuesday that the negotiations had been put back  for reasons of the UK political calendar  rather than for any reason in Brussels. EU officials and diplomats expect May to make a keynote speech around Sept. 21 and believe she may use it to outline the kind of transition arrangements Britain wants once it leaves the Union in March 2019 and before a long-term treaty setting out a free trade pact can be fully negotiated and implemented. EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier has, like his counterpart British Brexit minister David Davis, played down the significance of the precise timing of talks in Brussels.  After the last round in late August, Barnier said the sides were far apart on the terms on which Britain will leave. That raised doubts about whether two further rounds scheduled before an EU summit on Oct. 19-20 would show enough progress to let leaders agree to launch negotiations on the post-Brexit relationship. EU sources doubt that May will be ready to give ground as early as this month on EU demands, notably that Britain pay it tens of billions of euros (dollars) on leaving. In early October she faces a tricky first Conservative party conference since she lost her parliamentary majority in an ill-advised snap election. Rather, some EU officials expect May to speak in more detail later this month on the transition. She may explain to impatient Brexit supporters that Britain may remain inside some EU structures - and pay Brussels for the privilege - for some years to avoid a  cliff-edge  disruption to trade and business. Such a policy statement by May, whose divided ministers have lately spoken more unanimously in favor of such a transition, would not in itself mean a shift in the negotiating stance on  divorce  issues, such as expatriates  rights, how much Britain will pay on leaving or land border controls with Ireland. However, delaying the Brussels talks may make it easier for the prime minister to get her message over without distraction. Britain is keen to move on to discuss the future relationship and the transition to it as soon as possible, arguing that all these issues are ultimately intertwined. The other 27 national leaders insist, however, that the divorce talks must show  sufficient progress  - a deliberately vague phrase - before they will negotiate a future trade deal. ",worldnews,"September 12, 2017 ",1
27674,4172,EPA chief visits Indiana waste site amid proposed budget cuts,"EAST CHICAGO, Ind. (Reuters) - The head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) toured his first hazardous waste site on Tuesday amid proposed budget cuts that could devastate efforts to clean up contaminated land and water around the country.  Scott Pruitt’s visit to East Chicago, Indiana, came a day after the agency denied a report that it was considering closing its Chicago office, which oversees regional environmental protection efforts, including the Flint, Michigan drinking water clean-up and Great Lakes restoration. “The reason I’m here is because it is important that we restore confidence to the people here in this community that we are going to get it right going forward,” Pruitt told the media after meeting with residents and lawmakers.  Pruitt did not address the report of the possible office closure or how drastic budget cuts would impact the EPA’s operations. He toured a housing complex built on the Superfund site where around 1,000 residents had to leave their homes earlier this year due to lead contamination. Dozens of people held signs on Wednesday urging the EPA to continue clean-up efforts.     The Superfund program was started in 1980 to clean up hazardous waste sites, which now number just over 1,300 around the country.  The White House budget proposal submitted to Congress last month includes a 31 percent cut in spending for the EPA, including a similar reduction of the agency’s Hazardous Substance Superfund Account by $330 million to $762 million. Clean-up would continue in East Chicago, lawmakers said.  Pruitt, “made commitments that we would have it right,” Democratic Senator Joe Donnelly said.” There is a budget that is sent over and then there is a real budget that is put together. And the real budget will provide the funds necessary to make sure East Chicago is right.”  East Chicago, around 25 miles (40 km) outside of Chicago, was home to the now defunct U.S. Smelter and Lead Refinery Inc which contaminated the facility and surrounding areas with lead and arsenic. Demetra Turner, 44, a resident of the West Calumet Housing Complex who has yet to leave, urged others to keep pressure on the EPA.  “Keep fighting people, keep fighting, because that is what it takes,” she said.  ",politicsNews,"April 20, 2017 ",1
40806,17304,Austria's conservative shift opens path to power for far right,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s shift to the right in a parliamentary election has paved the way for young conservative star Sebastian Kurz to become the next leader and opened a path for the resurgent far right to return to power. The People s Party, which named 31-year-old Foreign Minister Kurz its leader only in May, secured a clear victory on Sunday with a hard line on immigration that left little space between it and the anti-Islam Freedom Party (FPO). But Kurz was still well short of a majority and only two other parties won enough seats to give him control of  parliament in a coalition. An alliance with the FPO is far from certain, but it is the most likely outcome. That prospect prompted guarded expressions of concern from European leaders including Germany s Angela Merkel, who said the FPO s strong showing was a  big challenge  for other parties in Austria. Kurz has been careful to avoid saying which coalition partner he might favor. He has said any partner must be pro-European, without saying whether that rules out the FPO, which is critical of the bloc but no longer argues against membership.  The (election) result is above all a clear victory for the European Union, it is a clear victory for us as a pro-European force,  Kurz told Reuters. His party s manifesto calls for a smaller European Commission and a streamlined EU that focuses on  core competences  such as internal trade and securing the bloc s external borders. But he declined to be drawn on specific plans. Austria was a gateway into Germany for more than a million people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and elsewhere during Europe s migration crisis which began in 2015.  It also took in more than one percent of its population in asylum seekers that year. Many voters feel the country was overrun then. Austria s shift to the right came after German voters last month punished Merkel s open-door policy for migrants, pushing her conservative bloc to its worst showing since 1949 and putting the far-right AfD party in parliament.  The FPO was founded by former Nazis in the 1950s and went from minnow to political heavyweight in the 1990s under the charismatic Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies. It was one of the first far-right parties to enjoy mainstream success in Europe since World War Two.  When the FPO went into government in 2000 with the conservative party Kurz now leads, the rest of the European Union reacted with outrage and imposed sanctions on Austria . The FPO is now a sister to France s National Front and the AfD. Though on course to be one of the world s youngest leaders, Kurz is a relative veteran in government. He entered cabinet as a secretary of state for integration six years ago and has been foreign minister for the past three. He made immigration his core issue, arguing against his own coalition government s decision to throw open Austria s borders in lock step with Merkel s Germany during the migration crisis. That helped cement his reputation as a polished straight talker and make him the country s most popular politician. Kurz called an end to a coalition with the Social Democrats, prompting Sunday s election, and the two sides are at loggerheads, making a tie-up with the FPO more likely.  The race between the FPO and Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats was too close to call after Sunday s count, leaving it to postal ballots   roughly a sixth of all votes cast   to tell them apart. The bulk of those ballots were expected to be counted on Monday. The FPO was ahead on Sunday but pollsters  projections showed postal ballots swinging the vote against it, as they did in last year s close-fought presidential election. With most postal votes counted, the Social Democrats had taken the lead and were ahead by 2,540 votes, with both parties on 26.6 percent, Interior Ministry data showed on Monday night.   We are not yet in the phase of coalition talks,  said Kurz, adding that he would await Thursday s final result. If the FPO had came second, it would have improved its odds of going into government with Kurz, since the Social Democrats would only consider a  coalition of losers  with the FPO if the far-right party were the junior partner. In June the Social Democrats lifted a self-imposed ban on coalitions with the FPO that had been in place for 30 years, implicitly recognizing the difficulty of forming governments without a party on course to secure more than 26 percent of Sunday s votes. After decades in parliament, the Freedom Party has sought to become increasingly mainstream, purging its ranks of overt anti-Semitism and even openly courting Jewish voters, with limited success. World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder, who was the U.S. ambassador to Austria from 1986 to 1987, called for the FPO to be kept out of government.  It is sad and distressing that such a platform should receive more than a quarter of the vote,  Lauder said in a statement.      ",worldnews,"October 14, 2017 ",1
4780,4780, Detroit Reverend BLASTS Trump’s ‘Scam’ He Just Tried To Pull On Voters (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s visit to a historically black church in Detroit, Michigan on Saturday is being met with fierce condemnation from black leaders. Reverend Wendell Anthony is one of those leaders who is calling out Trump. On Saturday, Anthony, who is the head of the Detroit NAACP chapter, appeared on CNN where he derided the entire visit as a  scam. This is nothing more than a ruse. This is a scam,  Anthony said during the segment.  Mr. Trump is seventy years old, I believe. That election now is less than seventy days from now. It s gonna take a whole lot of conjecture and whole lot of programming to undo what has been done. Anthony is correct. Trump has polling numbers so low with voters of color that it seems almost absurd at this point to try and win them over so close to the election. Considering Trump s support from white supremacist groups, and his recently solidified multi-media brand promotion deal relationship with the reactionary media site Breitbart, which has historically upheld white supremacist positions, there isn t a snowball s chance in hell those numbers will go up. In fact, since Trump began his new strategy of begging voters of color to take a chance on him, his polling numbers with the voting bloc have plummeted even further.Then there s also this long list of reasons that Anthony lists off: Before you talk about the can-do, let s talk about the undo,  he continued.  Let s undo what Mr. Trump has done. Part of what he said is that we need to unite the country. Well his policies, or lack thereof, his commentary, his rhetoric, is doing no more than dividing this nation. When you talk about  I don t want black people counting my money,  or rather have  short folk with yarmulkes counting my money    that s divisive! It s rather amusing to see someone whose entire political career thus far has been made possible by the far right s racism and xenophobia try and pander to voters of color. There s also something sad about it. Very sad!You can watch the video below.Featured image from video screenshot",News,"September 3, 2016",0
33937,10435,Chicago Tribune endorses Rubio in 2016 Republican presidential race,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Chicago Tribune endorsed Senator Marco Rubio in the 2016 Republican presidential race on Wednesday, a week before Illinois’ winner-take-all presidential primary. The newspaper of the state’s leading city credited Rubio’s embrace of spending limits, a line-item veto and a balanced budget amendment. “Crucially, his foreign affairs expertise vastly exceeds that of his rivals,” it said.  (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",politicsNews,"March 9, 2016 ",1
12842,12842,CHAMPION OF WOMEN? How Hillary Used Private Investigators To Destroy Women Her Political Prize Husband Was Sleeping With: “We have to destroy her story”,"Hillary won t be able to claim a vast right-wing conspiracy when she sees the article the left-leaning New York Times published. The article outlines how Hillary aggressively pursued the women her husband willingly chose to have sex with while he was married to her. Hillary never considered the women her philandering husband had sexual relations with were merely victims of a serial sexual abuser. He was her ticket to the ultimate power. The truth of the matter is, Hillary destroyed these women and protected her sexual predator husband, because having the ultimate political power was more important to her than the victims her husband discarded like yesterday s trash. This is the woman who is to be held up as an example for our daughters? This is the woman who young girls on college campuses say they ll vote for because she has matching genitalia? Hillary s true story needs to be told. She is nothing more than a two-bit opportunist who has clung to a charismatic serial sexual abuser of women for one reason, and one reason only to get to this point her ultimate goal the first serious female candidate for President of the United States. As usual with the Clinton s anyone who is harmed on their way up the political ladder, is of little or no consequence to them Last week, Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, criticized Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Clinton s affairs and her response to them, and said he might talk more about the issue in the final weeks before the election.That could be a treacherous strategy for Mr. Trump, given his own past infidelity and questionable treatment of women. Many voters, particularly women, might see Mrs. Clinton being blamed for her husband s conduct.It could also remind voters of a searing period in American history, and in Mrs. Clinton s life.Confronting a spouse s unfaithfulness is painful under any circumstance. For Mrs. Clinton, it happened repeatedly and in the most public of ways, unfolding at the dawn of the 24/7 news cycle, and later in impeachment proceedings that convulsed the nation.Outwardly, she remained stoic and defiant, defending her husband while a progression of women and well-funded conservative operatives accused Mr. Clinton of behavior unbecoming the leader of the free world.But privately, she embraced the Clinton campaign s aggressive strategy of counterattack: Women who claimed to have had sexual encounters with Mr. Clinton would become targets of digging and discrediting   tactics that women s rights advocates frequently denounce.The campaign hired a private investigator with a bare-knuckles reputation who embarked on a mission, as he put it in a memo, to impugn Ms. Flowers s  character and veracity until she is destroyed beyond all recognition. In a pattern that would later be repeated with other women, the investigator s staff scoured Arkansas and beyond, collecting disparaging accounts from ex-boyfriends, employers and others who claimed to know Ms. Flowers, accounts that the campaign then disseminated to the news media.By the time Mr. Clinton finally admitted to  sexual relations  with Ms. Flowers, years later, Clinton aides had used stories collected by the private investigator to brand her as a  bimbo  and a  pathological liar. Mrs. Clinton s level of involvement in that effort, as described in interviews, internal campaign records and archives, is still the subject of debate. By some accounts, she gave the green light and was a motivating force; by others, her support was no more than tacit assent.What is clear is that Mrs. Clinton was in a difficult spot. She was aware that her husband had cheated earlier in their marriage, but by her telling, she also believed him when he denied the accusations levied by Ms. Flowers and others.Mickey Kantor, the chairman of Bill Clinton s 1992 campaign, said that Mrs. Clinton wanted to separate fact from fiction and to size up the women making the claims. Let s say the woman has some not-helpful things that she has done in the past,  Mr. Kantor said.  Wouldn t you want to know that, and evaluate it? Mrs. Clinton and her husband declined to be interviewed, and her campaign did not answer questions about her support of efforts to undermine the women.  The country closed the book on these matters close to 20 years ago, and there is nothing whatsoever new here,  her spokesman, Brian Fallon, said in a statement.Her campaign also released statements from James Carville, Mr. Clinton s top campaign strategist, and two lawyers who worked for Mr. Clinton, saying that Mrs. Clinton had not overseen the counterattacks. Those who took the lead in responding to those attacks at the time have plainly stated that Hillary Clinton did not direct their work,  Mr. Fallon said.Neutralizing the WhispersFour years after Gary Hart fled a presidential race amid speculation about an affair, every accusation of womanizing was viewed as a mortal threat to Mr. Clinton s campaign.Stanley Greenberg, a pollster for the campaign who had strategized with the Clintons in the fall of 1991 about how to handle the rumors of infidelity, recalled Mrs. Clinton s acknowledgment that her husband had strayed. It was an uncomfortable meeting,  Mr. Greenberg said in an interview for an oral history of Mr. Clinton s presidency conducted by the Miller Center at the University of Virginia.  I remember Hillary saying that,  obviously, if I could say no to this question, we would say no, and therefore, there is an issue. Weeks later, their first taste of trouble came in a Penthouse magazine story by a rock groupie named Connie Hamzy, who claimed Mr. Clinton had once propositioned her at a hotel in Little Rock, Ark.Mr. Clinton brushed off the story, saying that Ms. Hamzy had made a sexual advance toward him, George Stephanopoulos, the communications director of the 1992 campaign, recalled in his book,  All Too Human. But Mrs. Clinton demanded action. We have to destroy her story,  she said, according to Mr. Stephanopoulos.In what became a common tactic, affidavits were collected, from an aide and two others who stated that they were with Mr. Clinton at the hotel and that Ms. Hamzy s story was false. (Contacted recently, Ms. Hamzy said she stood by her account.)When the work was done, both Clintons called Mr. Stephanopoulos, together, to offer their thanks.An Explosive AccusationThe Gennifer Flowers story landed like a bomb weeks before the New Hampshire primary.Ms. Flowers, a lounge singer and Arkansas state employee at the time, sold Star magazine her story claiming an affair with Mr. Clinton that had lasted more than 10 years.In a meeting with aides, the Clintons scripted a unified defense that they delivered in the interview on  60 Minutes. With Mrs. Clinton nodding agreement, Mr. Clinton admitted to the TV audience to  causing pain in my marriage,  but denied an affair with Ms. Flowers. Mrs. Clinton professed sympathy for Ms. Flowers, saying she had been caught up in rumors through no fault of her own.But at a news conference the next day, Ms. Flowers reasserted her claims, playing excerpts from her calls with Mr. Clinton. The two could be heard discussing the attention the rumors were getting, and she joked about his sexual talents.Glimpsing the news conference in South Dakota, Mrs. Clinton directed an aide to get Mr. Clinton on the phone, Gail Sheehy, a journalist traveling with her, recalled in a recent interview. It was a reaction of no surprise, but immediate anger and action,  said Ms. Sheehy, who also described her observations in a Vanity Fair article that year.  Not anger at Bill, but at Flowers, the press and Republicans. Back on a plane that night, Mrs. Clinton told Ms. Sheehy that if she were to question Ms. Flowers in front of a jury,  I would crucify her. Weeks later, a small group of campaign aides, along with Mrs. Clinton, met at the governor s mansion in Little Rock, and they made a pivotal decision: They would hire Jack Palladino, a private investigator known for tactics such as making surreptitious recordings and deploying attractive women to extract information.An aide to the campaign, who declined to be publicly identified because the aide had not been authorized to speak for the Clintons, said Mrs. Clinton was among those who had discussed and approved the hiring, which shifted the campaign to a more aggressive posture.Mr. Kantor, the campaign chairman, said he did not know whether Mrs. Clinton had specifically approved Mr. Palladino s employment as the other aide recalled. But he said that she had seen a need for outside help. She believed we had to deal with the issue directly,  Mr. Kantor said.Mr. Palladino, who did not respond to requests for an interview, reported to James Lyons, a lawyer working for the campaign. In a memo that he addressed to Mr. Lyons on March 30, Mr. Palladino proposed a full-court press on Ms. Flowers. Every acquaintance, employer, and past lover should be located and interviewed,  Mr. Palladino wrote.  She is now a shining icon   telling lies that so far have proved all benefit and no cost   for any other opportunist who may be considering making Clinton a target. Soon, Ms. Flowers heard from ex-boyfriends and others who said they had been contacted by a private investigator. They would say that he would try to manipulate them,  Ms. Flowers recalled,  or get them to say things like I was sexually active. Karen Steele, who had worked with Ms. Flowers at the Roy Clark Celebrity Theater in Branson, Mo., was among those who received a visit.  I remember I got questioned about brothers Gennifer and I once dated,  she said.  It wasn t warm and fuzzy. While Mrs. Clinton considered the Lewinsky affair a  personal lapse  by her husband, she gave him credit for trying to break it off and manage someone who was a  narcissistic loony toon,  according to Ms. Blair s papers.Bill Clinton can be seen lying before Grand Jury about sexual relations he had with Monica Lewinsky, a young intern in the Oval Office, for which he was impeached later. Hillary s close friend Diane Blair   a political science professor whose papers were donated to the University of Arkansas Special Collections library   Hillary Clinton credited Bill Clinton with trying to break away from Lewinsky, whom she called a  narcissistic loony toon. :Soon after, Mrs. Clinton expressed pleasure to her friend that she and her husband were able to drive  their adversaries totally nuts  because they did not appear to be suffering.For entire story: New York Times ",politics,"Oct 4, 2016",0
14038,14038,ANTI-TRUMP Protestors Prove They Have No Basis For Their Hateful Claims Against “The Donald” [VIDEO],If ignorance is bliss the happiest people on earth can be found outside a Trump rally holding an anti-Trump sign Enjoy:,politics,"Apr 26, 2016",0
24968,1466,"U.S. will admit up to 45,000 refugees next year -Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will admit a maximum of 45,000 refugees during the 2018 fiscal year, President Donald Trump said in a memorandum to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and released by the White House on Friday. The cap, the lowest in decades, was proposed by the administration in a report to Congress on Wednesday. Refugee advocates say the lower limit ignores growing humanitarian crises around the world that are causing people to flee their native countries in greater numbers, and represents a departure from U.S. global leadership. The Trump administration says the lower cap is necessary so that U.S. officials can address a growing backlog of people applying for asylum inside the United States, and to do better vetting of refugees. In its report to Congress, which was reviewed by Reuters, the administration said it may assess refugees on their ""likelihood of successful assimilation and contribution to the United States."" (tmsnrt.rs/2yHEKpk) An assimilation standard for refugees would be a departure from recent practice but on its face is not inappropriate, said Joseph Cassidy, a fellow at the Wilson Center and former State Department official. “The particular concern is that assessments could be made, not on the basis of individual cases, but might be biased against certain religions or nationalities,” Cassidy said.",politicsNews,"September 29, 2017 ",1
35780,12278,"Russia's Putin, on track for easy re-election, laments dearth of rivals","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he faced no credible high-profile political opponents as he prepared to run for re-election in March, but would work to try to create a more balanced political system. Putin, whom critics have accused of using state TV, the courts and the police to demonize and marginalize the liberal opposition, said earlier this month he would run for re-election in March 2018 - a contest he seems sure to win comfortably and extend his grip on power into a third decade. But in a sign the former KGB officer is keen to strengthen his role as a father of the nation figure rather than as a party political figure, Putin said he planned to run as an independent candidate and garner support from more than one party.  The ruling United Russia party has traditionally backed Putin and is likely to do so again this time, but Putin clearly wants to generate a higher turnout by styling himself as someone who is above the often grubby fray of Russian party politics. Putin said it was too early to set out his electoral program, but named priority issues, aside from helping forge what he called a flexible political system, as nurturing a high-tech economy, improving infrastructure, healthcare, education, productivity and increasing people s real incomes. Putin, 65, has been in power, either as president or prime minister, since 2000, longer than veteran Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and outstripped only by dictator Josef Stalin. With an approval rating of around 80 percent if, as expected, he wins what would be a fourth presidential term, he will be eligible to serve another six years until 2024, when he turns 72. Putin said he was aware he faced no real competition.  The political environment, like the economic environment, needs to be competitive,  Putin told an audience of more than 1,600 Russian and foreign reporters gathered in a Moscow conference hall for his annual news conference.  I will strive for us to have a balanced political system.  He said he regretted the lack of competition, but accused his political opponents of failing to come up with any positive ideas to tackle Russia s problems.   It s important not to just make noise on public squares and speak about the regime,  said Putin.   It s important to propose something to make things better. But when you start to compare what the leaders of the opposition are proposing, especially the leaders of the non-systemic (liberal) opposition, there are a lot of problems.  Opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who is unlikely to be allowed to run against Putin due to what he says is a trumped up criminal conviction, posted an instant riposte on social media. He said he had launched his own program this week but accused Putin of doing his best to ignore it. ",worldnews,"December 14, 2017 ",1
13939,13939,FORMER MEXICAN PREZ Sends “Middle Finger” To TRUMP Days Before “Apology”: “Don’t play around with us…We can jump walls…We can swim rivers…And we can defend ourselves”,"Wow these sound exactly like the type of people we want living next door to us. It s not so hard to see why so many Americans are enthusiastic about Trump s promise to build the wall BUILD THE WALL!The Huffington Post has published a photograph (above) of former Mexican president Vicente Fox giving Donald Trump the finger, taken a day before Fox apologized to Trump in an interview with Breitbart News.The photograph was originally shared on social media by Ben Mathis, host of the KickAss Politics podcast, which interviewed Fox last Tuesday. Breitbart News interviewed Fox the following day in Santa Monica, California.Mathis posted the photograph with the message:  Vicente Fox & I have a message for Donald Trump. Listen to a preview of his most controversial interview yet, recorded just one day before his apology to Trump aired on Breitbart. On Twitter, KickAss politics teased the interview as Fox  responding  to Trump   though the two had already responded to each other, with Fox apologizing via Breitbart and Trump accepting the apology the following day.KickAss politics also added the  NeverTrump  hashtag.In most controversial interview yet @VicenteFoxQue responds to @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/9AYIuVmJoo #NeverTrump pic.twitter.com/jFRkw5o8I7  Kickass News (@KickassNewsPod) May 9, 2016According to Huffington Post overnight editor Ed Mazza, Fox told Mathis that Trump is an  ugly American  and  hated gringo,  and reiterated that he would not pay for the  fucking wall  on the border, adding:  And please don t take out the  fucking  full word. Mazza adds:In the Kickass Politics conversation, Fox was anything but apologetic. He called the presumptive Republican presidential nominee  crazy  and a  false prophet,  and compared him to Latin American demagogues who  destroy economies.  He also said some of Trump s proposals could lead to war. Don t play around with us,  Fox said.  We can jump walls. We can swim rivers. And we can defend ourselves. The following day, Fox told Breitbart:  I apologize. Forgiveness is one of the greatest qualities that human beings have, is the quality of a compassionate leader. You have to be humble. You have to be compassionate. You have to love thy neighbor. Update: The Huffington Post has attached its mandatory disclaimer on all Trump stories:Editor s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims   1.6 billion members of an entire religion   from entering the U.S.For entire story: Breitbart News",politics,"May 10, 2016",0
11469,11469,PELOSI FEEDS LIES TO CBS ANCHORS: Claims That Comey has ‘Spoken Out’ on Trump’s Wiretap Claim, He s created nothing except chaos    Delusional Nancy Pelosi,politics,"Mar 7, 2017",0
16200,16200,TRAGIC! JOBLESS AMERICANS Forced to Train Their Foreign Replacements Speak Out: “This is not about skills…This is about costs” [Video],"Whether from incompetence or malice, the Immigration Act of 1990 was a disaster. That is why we are in the state  60 Minutes  is likely to describe tonight.   Jessica VaughanHERE S THE 60 MINUTE PIECE ON THE H1B-VISA PROGRAM:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaykxCMDPo0",Government News,"Mar 19, 2017",0
23057,23057,Trump’s First Government Agency Visit: CIA," RT . President Donald Trump spoke at CIA Headquarters on his first stop as the newly inaugurated commander in chief telling the intelligence agency that despite media reports he is not at war with the intelligence community. The reason you re my first stop is as you know I have a running war with the media- they are among the most dishonest beings on earth, they say I have a feud with the intelligence community. The reason you re my first stop is exactly the opposite,  Trump said. I am so behind you,  he told CIA officials at Langley, Virginia.Trump continued with examples of the  dishonest media  claiming they skewed attendance figures for his inauguration citing lower numbers and showing images of an empty field.He also called out Time magazine for running a false story stating that he had removed Martin Luther King s bust from the Oval Office when it was in fact just blocked from view by a cameraman.Trump told the CIA that he has a great respect for the agency and believes it is  going to be one of the most important groups in the country in making us safe again. URGENT: We will not impose our way of life, but we will shine for others to follow   Trump https://t.co/cVbgG3xchI pic.twitter.com/a31zfkm3RX  RT (@RT_com) January 20, 2017 There is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and CIA than Donald Trump,  he saidHe had nothing but praise for the agency highlighting their importance going forward. I love you, I respect you, we re going to start winning again and you will be leading the charge,  he told some 400 officers who came in on their time off for the historic visit.READ MORE: Intelligence insiders call Russian dossier  complete fraud    TrumpTrump s favourable comments about the CIA come amidst a tense period with the intelligence community after he refused to accept US intel reports on Russia s alleged interference in the election.Just last week Trump branded outgoing CIA chief Brennan as  the leaker of fake news  after Brennan criticised him for tweeting and told him to understand the Russian threat.Trump questioned whether the CIA director had leaked a recent unsubstantiated dossier to the media that claimed Russia had collected compromising financial or personal information about him Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",Middle-east,"January 22, 2017",0
33008,9506,"Obama speaks to Philippines' president-elect, stresses human rights","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama called incoming Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday to congratulate him on his election win, stressing that their countries’ alliance was based on a commitment to human rights and the rule of law, the White House said. U.S. officials have signaled that Washington is ready to work with Duterte despite allegations of human rights abuses in the city he led as mayor for over two decades. Obama’s deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, told a Washington seminar earlier on Tuesday that the U.S. administration was aware there was some “controversy” surrounding Duterte and “statements that drew attention in the past,” but he did not elaborate. Obama offered his congratulations to Duterte as the “presumptive president-elect.” He won the largest share of the votes in a May 9 presidential election, according to an unofficial count by a poll watchdog, although the official result has yet to be confirmed. Obama “highlighted the enduring values that underpin our thriving alliance ... and the longstanding ties between our two peoples, including our shared commitments to democracy, human rights, rule of law, and inclusive economic growth,” the White House said. Washington hoped “to build on progress made with the last administration” in the Philippines, Rhodes said. “This is a new government and we’ll want to hear from them directly what their priorities are,” he said when asked about the election, adding that Washington wanted to see continued efforts to respect the rule of law and combat corruption. Duterte has been criticized for allowing a spree of vigilante killings under his administration in Davao city, and critics fear he could let them happen on a larger scale as president. He has denied ordering any of the killings, but has not condemned them. Washington has steered clear of the controversy, however, which analysts say reflects the reality of U.S. national security interests given China’s increasingly assertive stance in Asia and maritime disputes in the South China Sea. Duterte’s vows to restore law and order resonated with voters, but his incendiary rhetoric and advocacy of extrajudicial killings to stamp out crime and drugs have alarmed many people. Rhodes noted U.S. support for Manila efforts to resolve its territorial dispute with China in the South China Sea through international arbitration, and a recent deal allowing a greater U.S. military presence in the Philippines.  “We believe that now as much as ever it’s important that the U.S. and Philippines are seen working together,” he said. The U.S. stance on Duterte could echo its approach toward India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi. At one point, Modi was unable to obtain a U.S. visa because of concerns about sectarian riots in the state of Gujarat when he was chief minister, but was later invited to the White House when he became prime minister. ",politicsNews,"May 17, 2016 ",1
24538,1036,Kaspersky says it obtained suspected NSA hacking code from U.S. computer," SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Moscow-based antivirus software maker Kaspersky Lab said on Wednesday that its security software had taken source code for a secret American hacking tool from a personal computer in the United States.  In September, U.S. officials ordered Kaspersky’s products removed from government computers, saying the firm was vulnerable to Kremlin influence and that using the software could jeopardize national security.  After that announcement, the Wall Street Journal reported on Oct. 5 that hackers working for the Russian government appeared to have targeted a National Security Agency (NSA) worker by using Kaspersky software to identify classified files in 2015. The New York Times reported on Oct. 10 that Israeli officials reported the operation to the United States after they hacked into Kaspersky's network.  The Russian government has denied any involvement.  Kaspersky began an internal inquiry in a bid to restore trust. On Wednesday, it said it had stumbled on the code in 2014 when the consumer version of its popular software flagged a zip file as malicious on a U.S. computer.  While reviewing the file’s contents, a Kaspersky analyst discovered it contained the source code for a hacking tool later attributed to what Kaspersky calls the Equation Group. The software removed the file and the analyst reported the matter to Chief Executive Eugene Kaspersky, who ordered that the copy of the code be destroyed, the company said.  Kaspersky said it assumed the 2014 source code episode was connected to the NSA’s loss of files described in media reports.  “We deleted the archive because we don’t need the source code to improve our protection technologies and because of concerns regarding the handling of classified materials,” said Kaspersky spokeswoman Sarah Kitsos.  Source code, which is normally hidden and gives instructions to computers, would have posed no danger to the Kaspersky customer.  Former employees told Reuters in July that the company had on rare occasions removed uninfected files. Kaspersky spokeswoman Yuliya Shlychkova on Wednesday said removals of such uninfected material happen “extremely rarely.”  Kaspersky said no third parties saw the code, though the media reports said the spy tool had ended up in the hands of the Russian government.  Kaspersky denied the Journal’s report that its programs searched for keywords including “top secret.”  The company said it found no evidence that it had been hacked by Russian spies or anyone except the Israelis, though it suggested others could have obtained the tools by hacking into the American’s computer through a back door it later spotted there.  The NSA declined to comment on Kaspersky’s review.  The new 2014 date of the incident is of interest because Kaspersky only announced its discovery of an espionage campaign by the Equation Group in February 2015. At that time, Reuters cited former NSA employees who said that Equation Group was an NSA project.  Kaspersky’s Equation Group report was one of its most celebrated findings, since it indicated that the group could infect firmware on most computers. That gave the NSA almost undetectable presence.  Shlychkova said the American machine’s files were found before the big Equation Group announcement but after Kaspersky had discovered Equation software on a machine in the Middle East. She said that occurred in March 2014.  Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen, who led calls in the U.S. Congress to purge Kaspersky products from federal government networks, on Wednesday sent a letter to DHS acting Secretary Elaine Duke and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, urging the U.S. government to declassify information about Kaspersky products.  The step was necessary, Shaheen wrote, “to allow the American people to make informed decisions about risks to their privacy and security.”  Also on Tuesday, Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill sent a separate letter to DHS asking what was being done to ensure federal agencies were complying with the ban on Kaspersky products.  Kaspersky’s consumer anti-virus software has won high marks from reviewers.  The company said Monday it would submit the source code of its software and future updates for inspection by independent parties.  ",politicsNews,"October 25, 2017 ",1
26592,3090,Moscow cancels meeting with U.S. diplomat after sanctions,"MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Angered by expanded U.S. sanctions, Russia on Wednesday canceled a high-level meeting between Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov and U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon. The move cast some uncertainty over plans for the first face-to-face meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the upcoming G20 summit on July 7-8 in Hamburg, Germany. With two weeks to go, a senior White House official said no plans for a bilateral meeting had been finalized. “Nothing has been canceled because nothing has been set,” the official said. Moscow said it was obliged to cancel the diplomatic meeting after the U.S. government on Tuesday added 38 individuals and organizations to its list of those sanctioned over Russian activities in Ukraine.  The new U.S. sanctions were “a continuation of the trend set by the Obama administration aimed at ruining relations between our countries”, Ryabkov said in a statement posted on the website of Russia’s Foreign Ministry. U.S.-Russian relations have already been strained by allegations that Moscow interfered in the U.S. presidential election last year and Trump’s first five months in office have been dogged by a controversy over whether his campaign team colluded with Russia. Trump has said he wants to explore whether Washington and Moscow can work together on issues of mutual concern, such as fighting Islamic State insurgents in Syria. But tensions between the two nations have escalated. On Sunday, the U.S. military shot down a Syrian military jet. That prompted Russia to change its military posture. The Kremlin said the expanded U.S. sanctions undermined Washington’s assertions it wanted dialogue with Moscow, calling the new sanctions a “political gift” to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who visited Trump at the White House on Tuesday. The U.S. State Department said it regretted the Russian cancellation, but remained open to future discussions to try to bridge bilateral differences. The new sanctions only reinforced existing sanctions, which have been updated twice a year since they were first imposed, the department said. “Let’s remember that these sanctions didn’t just come out of nowhere. Our targeted sanctions were imposed in response to Russia’s ongoing violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbor, Ukraine,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. The Kremlin said earlier on Wednesday that Russian forces were not present in eastern Ukraine, which is controlled by pro-Russian separatists.  The United States and the European Union have imposed several rounds of sanctions on Russian companies and individuals in response to Russia’s role in the Ukraine conflict. Lawmakers in the U.S. Senate last week also backed additional sanctions to punish Russia for alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region, and support for Syria’s government in the six-year-long civil war. Ryabkov was meant to be meeting Shannon in St Petersburg on Friday to discuss “problems in bilateral ties”. But Ryabkov, in the same statement on Wednesday, accused the United States of failing to propose anything tangible to improve relations. He said: “Previous multiple waves of American sanctions haven’t achieved the result which their initiators had hoped for. Any new attempts to make Russia ‘bow down’ will be just as futile.” ",politicsNews,"June 21, 2017 ",1
4760,4760, U.S. Women’s Soccer Star Megan Rapinoe Kneels During National Anthem To Support Kaepernick,"The protest is growing.Most people don t seem to understand that freedom and liberty is a two-way street. That when soldiers fight and die for our rights they did so for all of them.At least that s what conservatives don t understand since they ve been critical almost to the point of calling for violence against San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem in protest of police brutality. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick told the press following a game last month.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Kaepernick has been joined in his protest by other athletes, but now he has the support of one of the biggest stars in women s soccer.Megan Rapinoe plays on the United States national women s team on the world stage, including the Olympic games. And on Sunday, she became the highest-profile white athlete to protest inequality in America by refusing to stand for the national anthem.When the anthem began playing Rapinoe simply took a knee, and her action brought even more attention to the issues Kaepernick is raising. It was a little nod to Kaepernick and everything that he s standing for right now,  Rapinoe told the media.  I think it s actually pretty disgusting the way he was treated and the way that a lot of the media has covered it and made it about something that it absolutely isn t. We need to have a more thoughtful, two-sided conversation about racial issues in this country. IN addition to racial issues, Rapinoe s kneel also drew attention to LGBT issues such as discrimination. Being a gay American, I know what it means to look at the flag and not have it protect all of your liberties. It was something small that I could do and something that I plan to keep doing in the future and hopefully spark some meaningful conversation around it. It s important to have white people stand in support of people of color on this. We don t need to be the leading voice, of course, but standing in support of them is something that s really powerful. If the American flag really stands for  liberty and justice for all  we wouldn t be seeing police officers unjustly killing black people in the streets and we wouldn t see conservatives constantly trying to pass new laws in order to legalize discrimination against gay people.But we ARE seeing these injustices take place and until they are fixed perhaps it s time we shelve the national anthem until the flag has earned back its respect.Featured image via Twitter",News,"September 5, 2016",0
29108,5606,Watchdog sues Trump EPA pick to disclose contact with companies,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A media watchdog group filed suit on Tuesday to force U.S. President Donald Trump’s pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency to release records detailing his communications with energy companies ahead of a Senate vote to confirm his nomination. The lawsuit was filed in Oklahoma court by the Center for Media and Democracy and accuses Scott Pruitt, who is Oklahoma’s attorney general as well as Trump’s nominee to become the top U.S. environmental regulator, of violating the state’s Open Records Act by failing to release those emails to the public. It also seeks to force him to respond to nine open-records requests dating to January 2015 to publish emails between his office and energy companies. Pruitt’s office has received more than four dozen similar requests from other groups. “His inaction denies the public ‘prompt and reasonable’ access to public documents and violates Oklahoma’s Open Records Act,” said Robert Nelon, a first amendment lawyer with Hall Estill, the law firm representing the Center for Media and Democracy along with the American Civil Liberties Union. The media watchdog’s first request sought access to more than 3,000 emails. Pruitt’s office has not told the group how many records it has identified for the other eight requests it has pending. “We are doing this because these emails should be released so that people can properly vet his record before the Senate votes to confirm him,” said Nick Surgey, the center’s director of research. Pruitt, 48, sued the agency he intends to run 14 times on behalf of Oklahoma to weaken or gut its key regulations, earning him strong support from energy companies and Republican lawmakers who have accused the Obama administration’s EPA of regulatory overreach. On Thursday, the Senate environment committee approved Pruitt despite a boycott of his nomination by the panel’s Democratic members. The full Senate, which is under Republican control, is expected to confirm him but has not set a date for the vote. The lawsuit submitted on Tuesday calls on the court to stop Pruitt from denying access to requested public records and to prevent his office from destroying any documents relevant to the requests. Surgey said Pruitt was seemingly unapologetic during the confirmation hearings about his “strong relationships with Oklahoma’s oil and gas companies” and that the public should be aware his ties to the types of companies he would need to regulate as EPA administrator. Pruitt’s office said it had contacted the Center for Media and Democracy last week to inform the group that “release of their request was imminent.” “The fact that they have now filed suit despite our ongoing communications demonstrates that this is nothing more than political theater,” Lincoln Ferguson, the attorney general’s press secretary said in a statement. “The office of attorney general remains committed to fulfilling both the letter and spirit of the Open Records Act.” Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, a member of the Senate panel that held Pruitt’s hearing, accused the nominee of stonewalling the request for information about his relationships with industry. “I hope this lawsuit forces Attorney General Pruitt to stop the cover-up and disclose these emails immediately so the American people know what conflicts of interest this nominee has,” Whitehouse said in a statement to Reuters. ",politicsNews,"February 7, 2017 ",1
44135,20633,Dublin rejects British proposal for post-Brexit Irish border,"TALLINN (Reuters) - Ireland dismissed British proposals for the Irish border after Brexit as unconvincing on Friday, a day after the EU chief negotiator said they amounted to a demand the bloc suspend its laws for Britain. But British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, speaking at a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Tallinn, said a solution was  not beyond the wit of man . The border between the Irish Republic and the British province of Northern Ireland is currently open to free flow of goods, being an internal EU frontier. But when Britain leaves the bloc, it will become subject to EU customs regulation.  Establishment of a physical border could revive security concerns, 20 years after a peace deal involving Dublin that ended a long civil conflict in Northern Ireland and led to the end of army and police checkpoints.     Britain has proposed an  invisible border  without border posts or immigration checks between the two after Brexit, but given no firm proposals how the customs frontier between Northern Ireland and the Republic would be monitored. EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Thursday British proposals would undermine the bloc s single market. He said Britain in effect wanted the EU to  suspend the application of its laws  as a test case for broader EU-British customs regulations.  This will not happen.  Ireland s Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told Reuters on Friday:  The maintenance of an invisible border on the island of Ireland would be a lot easier if Britain were to remain in the customs union.  That is something Prime Minister Theresa May has said would not happen, though her cabinet is split on the issue and some have floated the idea of a transition period after Brexit that would still leave Britain in the EU customs union.  Britain is the one leaving, they have an obligation to try and design unique solutions.... We cannot have a physical border on the island of Ireland again that creates barriers between communities,  Coveney said.  We cannot and will not support that and nor will the European Union,  he said, adding that Britons wanted to avoid a hard border too.  The problem is that the solutions to actually get us there so far haven t been convincing.  Negotiations to extricate Britain from the EU have seen a slow start and Brussels has repeatedly warned that time is running out to answer complex questions before Britain is due to leave in March, 2019. The bloc, which will have 27 member states after Brexit, wants to solve key exit issues before opening talks about any future trade cooperation with Britain. London says divorce talks should run in parallel with discussions about future ties.  But, with slow progress on agreeing Britain s divorce bill, ensuring expatriates  rights and deciding on the Irish border, the EU now doubts it will give a green light in October for starting talks about the post-Brexit order, as had been planned.  The EU worries London may try to use the Irish border as a template for a broader trade pact with the EU after Brexit. It believes Britain s proposals risk affecting the bloc s single market and customs union. The European Parliament s chief Brexit speaker, Guy Verhofstadt, dismissed Britain s plans for an  invisible border  as surreal.  We are nowhere on border issues,  one senior EU official said. But, asked if he was confident that Britain would get a deal with the EU, Johnson said in Tallinn:  Absolutely, with rock solid confidence.  He reiterated London s stance that the divorce talks should run together with discussion about the post-Brexit relationship.   Article 50 makes it very clear that the discussion about the exit of a country must be taken in context with discussion of the future arrangements. And that s what we re going to do,  he said. ",worldnews,"September 8, 2017 ",1
36815,13313,Kosovo PM removed from international arrest warrant: minister,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo s Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj was removed from an international arrest warrant issued by Serbia, lifting an obstacle to him travelling outside the country, the justice minister said on Friday. Early this year Ramush Haradinaj, a former Kosovar guerilla leader who in September took over as prime minister, was arrested in France on an arrest warrant issued by Serbia. He was released after a French court rejected Belgrade s extradition request. Despite many attempts by Pristina, Belgrade refused to remove his name from the Interpol red notice.  Today I was informed that Interpol has removed 18 people from Kosovo that are wanted by Serbia and this list includes also the prime minister,  Abelard Tahiri, Kosovo s Justice Minister told Reuters.  After today s decision all these individuals are free to travel outside the country without any problem.  Haradinaj and others are wanted by Serbia for allegedly committing war crimes. Serbia has charged Haradinaj with murdering Serbs in the late 1990s war. The 1998-99 conflict ended after NATO bombed the now-defunct Yugoslavia, then comprising Serbia and Montenegro, for 78 days to force a withdrawal of its troops from Kosovo and end a counter-insurgency campaign against ethnic Albanians. Haradinaj, who has twice been tried and acquitted by the United Nations war crimes tribunal in the Hague, denies any wrongdoing. Kosovo declared independence in 2008 but Serbia refused to recognize its former breakaway province. ",worldnews,"December 1, 2017 ",1
23742,240,Former Trump adviser interviewed in Congress in Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Walid Phares, a former campaign adviser to President Donald Trump, testified to the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Friday in its investigation of possible Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. election. Phares did not speak to reporters as he entered the committee’s classified meeting room around 11 am EDT (1600 GMT) or when he left about four hours later. In response to a request for comment Phares’ assistant told Reuters: “Dr. Phares is not making any comments for now.” The House Intelligence panel does not discuss details of most of the dozens of interviews conducted behind closed doors during its months-long investigation, but it has been disclosed publicly that Phares has come under congressional scrutiny over his connections with Russia. Senator Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, wrote last month to Phares, who was a Trump campaign foreign policy adviser, asking him to turn over “documents related to Russian contacts and the Republican Party’s position on Ukraine.” In her letter to Phares, Feinstein said she was interested in a meeting that he and two other Trump advisers allegedly held during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in 2016 with Sergei Kislyak, then Russia’s ambassador to the United States. On Nov. 29, when Feinstein announced her request, a Phares aide said he maintains Kislyak was just one of many foreign diplomats present at a panel discussion, which could not “fairly” be described as a meeting with Russian officials. The Senate Judiciary and Senate Intelligence panels are also investigating Russia and last year’s election and possible collusion between Trump associates and Moscow, as is Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller. U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia sought to influence the 2016 U.S. election to help Trump win the White House. Russia denies any such effort and Trump has dismissed talk of collusion. ",politicsNews,"December 8, 2017 ",1
24796,1294,White House chief of staff says his job is not to control Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House chief of staff John Kelly said on Thursday his role was not to control President Donald Trump or his Twitter habit. “I was not brought to this job to control anything but the flow of information to our president so that he can make the best decisions,” Kelly told reporters. “I was not sent in to or brought in to control him and you should not measure my effectiveness as a chief of staff by what you think I should be doing,” he said. ",politicsNews,"October 12, 2017 ",1
37460,13958,Barnier reassures Ireland EU stands with Dublin on Brexit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier assured Ireland s foreign minister on Friday that the EU would defend Dublin s position in talks with Britain over the coming weeks. Barnier said on Twitter that he had updated Simon Coveney on the state of play in negotiations, in which Britain is hoping to clinch a deal with Brussels next month on a range of issues including management of the Northern Irish border in order to launch a second phase of discussions focusing on a trade accord.  Strong solidarity with Ireland,  Barnier wrote.  Irish issues are EU issues.  Coveney tweeted back:  Thank u @MichelBarnier reaffirming EU solidarity with Ireland on #Brexit.  Facing a possible government collapse and new elections just at a crucial point in the Brexit process, the Irish government has sharpened the tone of its demands from London for detail on how the border will be kept open and unhindered. It has warned it will veto moves to trade talks if it is not satisfied. ",worldnews,"November 24, 2017 ",1
6087,6087, Why This Attorney General Is Going After Trump For ‘Fraud’,"New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman isn t going to allow Donald Trump s 2016 presidential campaign get in the way of his ongoing prosecution of the GOP frontrunner for  fraud. Schneiderman is the highest profile government official looking into Trump s shady business dealings at Trump University. Customers claim that after they signed up for the opportunity, they were pressured to spend ever-increasing amounts of money with little knowledge of the real estate business to show for it.In an interview with ABC, the attorney general explained that he s not going to back off. We re ready to go,  Schneiderman, a Democrat, told ABC News today.  We sued him long before anyone thought he might run for President. This is not a political case, it s just a straight-up fraud case. Like the judge also looking into the case, Scneiderman has come in for attack by Trump, who has used his high profile to impugn the prosecutor s motives. But that hasn t dissuaded the prosecutor.Schneiderman told ABC News he is not worrying about the confluence of the campaign and his case. The documents, he said only served to offer further proof that the operation was aimed less at teaching students the skills needed to buy and sell real state, and more about making money for Trump. It was clearly a way to separate people who were desperate to make money in hard economic times from their own cash and to get it into the pocket of Mr. Trump and his cronies,  Schneiderman said.The secret Trump University documents have revealed that workers at the operation were given a step-by-step manual on how to convince prospective  students  to give the company access to their money and also explained how to prey on their emotions in pursuit of profits. Trump University is now defunct, after Trump and his partners made money off of regular people, all while egging students on to profit from the 2007-8 real estate collapse.Featured image via YouTube",News,"May 31, 2016",0
12278,12278,"GERMANY’S Anti-Trump, Open Borders ANGELA MERKEL Sees Re-election Poll Numbers Drop…Orders 100,000 Migrants To Be Deported…By Force If Necessary","In what has to be considered an historic about face, German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that 100,000 migrants who recently arrived in Germany would be deported.For more than a year following the massive tide of humanity that flooded into Germany from Africa and the Middle East, Merkel stoutly defended her open border policy as being consistent with western values. A million migrants later, and a huge voter backlash due to overburdened local governments and a sky rocketing crime rate, Merkel has changed her tune.On November 9, 2016, Germany s Angela Merkel offered Donald J. Trump a public admonishment following his historic win against pro-amensty Hillary Clinton: Sunday Express:Ordinarily, a politician who tried to pull this off would be toast. But Merkel finds herself in a strong position because the alternatives to her are even worse.Recent polls show her coalition of the CDU/CSU comfortably ahead by 11 points over the Social Democratic Party   the leading left wing party in Germany   by 33-22%. The next strongest party are the Greens who poll at 12% and then the nationalist party AfD at almost 9%. Put simply, the German voter has nowhere else to go now that Merkel has flip flopped on immigration.There is a chance that the left wing parties will poll enough votes to fashion a majority, but given that the Social Democrats are determined to continue with a liberal immigration policy, it isn t likely.Merkel will probably pull off her switcheroo on open borders and win re-election. But she has already accelerated the timetable for a takeover of her country by people with no interest in promoting German or western values and ideas.   American Thinker ",politics,"Nov 28, 2016",0
14427,14427,"THE BEST CASE For A TRUMP PRESIDENCY Comes From A Foreigner: “I’ve lived your future, if you keep going, you’re not going to like it”"," A Trump presidency won t only wipe out political correctness in America; it ll wipe it off the face of the earth. Political correctness is destroying America, and Western civilization.This year America celebrates her 240th birthday. If she is to make her tri-centennial in 2076, a feat few great nations in history have achieved, it will need to crush this totalitarian ideology that is currently strangling it.Every problem in America today is linked to political correctness. Declining educational standards, increasing secularism, the police not being allowed to do their job, an inability to secure her borders, a diminished America in the world theatre and reluctance to smash the evil of currently rampaging Islamism   all of it is rooted in politically-correct ideology. Nothing is more antithetical to America s foundational principles.Political correctness seeks to eliminate individualism, identity and confidence; three characteristics indispensable to American greatness. If you want to see the end result, look no further than Europe. The intellectual tyranny, self-loathing and choking conformity of this ideology has feminized and weakened a once great continent which now aspires to mediocrity. The same is true of America s English-speaking cousins.I write this not as an American.But as somebody that wants Western civilization to prosper. Everyone has an investment in keeping the United States as culturally robust and powerful as imaginable, because the world s fortunes travel with it. What is good for America is good for the world.I am here to tell you I ve lived your future, if you keep going, you re not going to like it. It s why I ve written  Retaking America: Crushing Political Correctness .The entire world looks on as Americans make their choice for president. The president of the United States is also the president of the free world. All of us have a stake. For example, people in Australia aren t sleeping well right now because President Obama is not keeping the world safe. Change can t come quickly enough for many around the world.The world needs an American president that is clear-minded and right-thinking. That encourages a climate of straight talking and decisive action. That has the moral clarity to defend Christians and the West. An alpha male prepared to win for his people.People are losing their jobs, missing out on opportunities and being targeted. What was born on college campuses has been armed through social media by electronic cockroaches that should never have been given a voice. The parameters of public debate have shrunk, and civil society s ability to conduct rational, cool-headed conversations is being usurped by a crude marketplace of outrage and a new victimhood movement. Freedom is an obvious casualty of political correctness, but following close behind is truth and reality.Many people around the world despair. But every now and again, a public figure emerges who transcends politics and has an undisputed ability to change the culture.This is why the world needs to use its Trump card. He is uniquely positioned to change the culture of the world, and restore American greatness and Western confidence through attitude alone.A President Trump would be the best thing, not only for America, but for the entire world.Proud, confident, bold, patriotic, outspoken, self-reliant, mega-successful, charitable, a force of nature; Donald Trump is American exceptionalism on steroids.For too long, America s educational and media elites have relentlessly and recklessly portrayed America as a hateful place. It s not. It s the greatest country in this history of the world. But political correctness is giving it an identity crisis. Some may well call Donald Trump an egomaniac and his election to the highest office, risky   but right now, America needs an ego-boost. It needs to believe in itself again. Only then can there be an American renaissance.Via: Nick Adams, for TownhallNick Adams is the brilliant author of Retaking America: Crushing Political Correctness available on Amazon HERE",politics,"Feb 24, 2016",0
13049,13049,WHOA! HILLARY JUST PULLED A “MITT ROMNEY”…She May Not Recover From This One [Audio]," I know there are only 60 days left to make our case and don t get complacent, don t see the latest outrageous, offensive, inappropriate comment and think well he s done now. We are living in a volatile political environment. You know, just to be grossly generalist, you could put half of Trump s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic   you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people   now have 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive, hateful, mean-spirited rhetoric. Now some of these folks, they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America. But the other basket and I know this because I see friends from all over America here I see friends from Florida and Georgia and South Carolina and Texas as well as, you know, New York and California but that other basket of people are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures, and they re just desperate for change. It doesn t really even matter where it comes from. They don t buy everything he says, but he seems to hold out some hope that their lives will be different. They won t wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they re in a dead end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well. CLINTON: TRUMP SUPPORTERS IN  BASKET OF DEPLORABLES :We need to add #BasketOfDeplorables to the list of Hillary s unifying rhetoric:Going to have to add #BasketOfDeplorables to the list of Hillary s unifying rhetoric. Way to go Hill!#NeverHillary pic.twitter.com/oaHAvPKkFq  Deplorable  D  Owens (@NubianAwakening) September 10, 2016",politics,"Sep 10, 2016",0
30853,7351,Ex-congressman indicted on 24 counts in spending scandal,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A former U.S. representative whose lavish office in Washington raised questions about use of taxpayer dollars was indicted on Thursday on charges of defrauding the federal government and campaign committees and attempting to cover it up, according to court documents.  Aaron Schock, a 35-year-old former Republican congressman from Illinois, was indicted by the U.S. Department of Justice on 24 counts, including wire fraud, theft of government funds and filing false federal income tax returns. Schock maintained his innocence on Thursday before the indictment was announced.  “Neither I nor anyone else intentionally did anything wrong,” he said in a statement. “As I have said before, we might have made errors among a few of the thousands and thousands of financial transactions we conducted, but they were honest mistakes – no one intended to break any law.”  Schock’s position in public office did not put him above the law, the Department of Justice said.  “These charges allege that Mr. Schock deliberately and repeatedly violated federal law, to his personal and financial advantage,” Jim Lewis, U.S. attorney for the Central District of Illinois, said in a statement on Thursday.  “Mr. Schock held public office at the time of the alleged offenses, but public office does not exempt him or anyone else from accountability for alleged intentional misuse of public funds and campaign funds.” Schock, elected to the, U.S. House of Representatives in 2008 at the age of 27, gained a following for posting flashy photos on social media of himself traveling around the world.  But he was hounded with questions after The Washington Post reported last year about lavish decorations in his Capitol Hill office based on the PBS period melodrama “Downton Abbey.”  Although staff told the Post that the interior design work had been done for free, the story prompted more investigations into Schock’s spending habits, with several media outlets reporting he failed to disclose some expenditures and had to repay others after improperly using taxpayer funds. On Thursday, Schock said before the indictment that his faith in the Justice Department had been eroded.        “This indictment will look bad, but underneath it is just made-up allegations of criminal activity arising from unintentional administrative errors,” George Terwilliger III, Schock’s attorney, said in a statement prior to the indictment.   A summons will be issued to Schock by the U.S. Clerk of the  Court for an arraignment date in Springfield, Illinois. ",politicsNews,"November 10, 2016 ",1
29884,6382,U.S. states mull contraception coverage as Obamacare repeal looms,"(Reuters) - Growing numbers of U.S. states are seeking to ensure that women have continued access to free birth control in case the insurance benefit is dropped as part of President-elect Donald Trump’s vow to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. The 2010 law, popularly called Obamacare, requires most health insurance plans to provide coverage for birth control without a patient co-payment, which can be as much as $50 per month for birth control pills or $1,000 for long-acting contraceptives such as intrauterine devices. California, Maryland, Vermont and Illinois since 2014 have enacted statutes codifying the Affordable Care Act’s contraception mandate in state law and expanding on the federal law’s requirements. Democratic lawmakers in New York, Minnesota, Colorado and Massachusetts said they are pursuing similar measures this year, with Obamacare under mortal threat in Washington. New York’s Democratic attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, on Wednesday introduced such a measure in his state’s legislature that would expand on the Obamacare contraception mandate. “Women across New York are very concerned that Republican efforts to repeal the ACA will mean the loss of the contraception on which they rely,” Schneiderman said. “I won’t hesitate to act to protect New Yorkers’ rights - including the right to choose, and the right to birth control - no matter what a Trump administration does,” Schneiderman added, referring to abortion rights. Trump, who succeeds Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20, and his fellow Republicans in Congress have made dismantling Obamacare their “first order of business,” as Vice President-elect Mike Pence put it on Jan. 4. [nL1N1EU0RW] Republicans in Congress have not presented a detailed proposal for repealing and replacing the law but many Republicans and religious conservatives have opposed the Obamacare contraception mandate. [nL1N1EU0RW] Twenty-eight of the 50 states currently have laws requiring private insurers to provide coverage for birth control. But not all the laws affect all insurance plans, and only a few mandate cost-free birth control. OUT-OF-POCKET EXPENSES The Obamacare contraception mandate has applied since 2012 to most new insurance plans including employer-provided coverage. In 2013, for example, the mandate saved U.S. women more than $1.4 billion in out-of-pocket expenses for birth control pills, according to a report by University of Pennsylvania researchers. Almost 6.9 million privately insured U.S. women used the pill that year. The legislative move by some states, most of them Democratic governed, is designed to clear up uncertainty for some of the 55 million women who now have access to free contraceptives and related treatments under the Affordable Care Act. Conservatives also have chipped away at the Obamacare mandate in court. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2014 that forcing family-owned businesses to pay for employee insurance coverage for birth control ran afoul of another federal law safeguarding religious freedom. The Supreme Court last May sent another legal challenge by nonprofit Christian employers back to lower courts to reconsider the matter after tossing out their rulings favoring the Obama administration. [nL2N18D0PL] “I think it is even more important now,” said Colorado state Representative Susan Lontine, who last year co-sponsored a contraception coverage bill in her state’s legislature that did not get passed but she expects to be resurrected in 2017. “We don’t know what will happen on the federal level.” California in 2014 became the first state to pass a contraception mandate that went further than the Obamacare language. Maryland, Vermont and Illinois last year passed laws that also eliminated co-pays for vasectomies and allowed women to fill a birth control prescription for at least six months rather than one to three.  The New York legislation would allow women to fill multiple months of a birth control prescription, prohibit private insurers from “medical management” reviews that could limit or delay contraception coverage, and provide coverage for vasectomies without a co-pay. Within a matter of months, the Trump administration even without congressional action could drop contraception from Obamacare’s list of preventive services that health insurance plans must cover without out-of-pocket costs, said Laurie Sobel, senior policy analyst at the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation. If repealed, some employers might choose to maintain the coverage without a co-pay because it is a relatively inexpensive benefit popular with employees. The proportion of privately insured women who paid nothing out of pocket for birth control pills increased from 15 percent in the fall of 2012 to 67 percent in the spring of 2014 during the time when the coverage went into wide effect, according to the Guttmacher Institute research organization. The no-cost contraceptives coverage also spurred women to switch to long-acting methods such as the IUD, which is offered in the United States by Bayer, Teva, Allergan and Medicines360, studies have found. More than 77 percent of women and 64 percent of men support the no-cost contraceptives coverage, according to a 2015 Washington Post/Kaiser Family Foundation survey. ",politicsNews,"January 12, 2017 ",1
7773,7773," Chris Rock Ends Oscars With ‪#‎BlackLivesMatter‬, Racists LOSE It (VIDEO/IMAGES)","This year s Academy Awards nominations received loads of backlash for their lack of diversity, sparking a boycott and the widely used hashtag #OscarsSoWhite.The 88th Academy Awards was hosted by black comedian Chris Rock, who made sure to comment on the overwhelming whiteness in his brilliant monologue, where he spoke of how black actors deserved equal opportunities. Here s just a sample of how Rock blasted the lack of diversity at the ceremony: I m here at the Academy Awards, otherwise known as White People s Choice Awards. If they nominated hosts, I wouldn t even get this job. Y all would be watching Neil Patrick Harris right now. This year things are gonna be a little different at the Oscars. This year, the In Memoriam package is just gonna be Black people shot by the cops on their way to the movies. At the end of the awards ceremony, Rock closed the show with three important words:  Black Lives Matter.  And as expected, Chris  powerful human rights message was lost amongst racists, even those who work in the Hollywood industry. Hollywood producer Juergen Pichler Levine even had the audacity to say that the Oscars were too black! Levine posted (and then deleted) a meltdown that he shared with his 900,000 Instagram followers about the obscene number of black people at the Oscars. Levine said,  God bless America but not these monkeys  and complained about Obama.Levine wasn t the only one. Fox News had a field day when contributor Kevin Jackson ripped Rock over his remarks. When host Brian Kilmeade asked Jackson about what he thought about Rock s remarks, Jackson said: It was tragic. It was fun though watching a group of white racist liberals get put back on them the things that conservatives face every single day. At the end of the day, you can t say that Hollywood is racist because blacks have been getting awards in proportionate numbers for the last couple of decades. So at the same time I m watching these very sanctimonious liberals suffer, I also know that it s not good for the country that we go through this. Jackson also said that Rock was solely responsible for the  worst performance  the Oscars had seen in years. He argued: It was definitely one of the ones I wish I had a chance to miss. I think it was more just this idea how he was treating Hollywood of being so racist because black people hadn t been nominated. You can watch Jackson spit straight nonsense below:Even CNN s Carol Costello couldn t take the fact that racism still exists in America and watching it on television made it uncomfortable for her to sit smugly in her white privilege. Her reaction was,  Please stop and let me enjoy this for a moment. Guest commentator Michaela Angela David agreed and said that the hashtag  #OscarsSoAwkward  would have been more appropriate. You can watch the exchange below:Rock did a great job at the awards ceremony, regardless of what anyone says. Sometimes the truth is uncomfortable, but we should not avoid exposing it just because it s hard to hear. Featured image via video screen capture",News,"February 29, 2016",0
40204,16702,"Despite apology, Indonesia asks why U.S. blocked military chief's travel","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia said on Monday it had made urgent requests for an explanation why its military chief was barred from traveling to the United States, as anger simmered in the world s largest Muslim-majority country over the diplomatic incident. Armed forces commander General Gatot Nurmantyo was stopped on Saturday from boarding an Emirates flight to the United States, despite having a visa and an official invitation to a conference from his counterpart, the chairman of the U.S joint chiefs of staff, General Joseph Dunford. Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said she had accepted an official apology from the deputy U.S. ambassador in Jakarta but awaited a detailed explanation.  We conveyed that we still await clarification, an explanation why this happened,  Marsudi told reporters after meeting the U.S. envoy.  There is a sense of urgency to this that we have conveyed to them,  she said, adding that U.S. officials were  trying to coordinate with relevant authorities in the U.S. to find out what really happened.  U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis apologized for the incident to his Indonesian counterpart, Ryamizard Ryacudu, on the sidelines of an ASEAN meeting in the Philippines, and the two were photographed shaking hands.  I can confirm that he did a pull-aside with the Indonesian minister and expressed regret and apologized for the inconvenience,  Captain Jeff Davis, a spokesman for Mattis, told Reuters.  In a statement, the U.S. embassy in Jakarta said:  This issue has been resolved. There is no restriction on General Gatot s travel and we look forward to welcoming (him) to the United States.       Indonesia generally enjoys good ties with the United States. But relations have sometimes been strained over U.S. resource companies operating in Indonesia or alleged rights abuses involving Indonesia s military. It was not immediately clear whether Nurmantyo, who has made official visits to the United States before, would attend the conference as scheduled on Monday and Tuesday. In Washington, U.S. Homeland Security Department spokesman Dave Lapan said the U.S. embassy in Jakarta had told Nurmantyo s office that he might be delayed in boarding his flight because of unspecified  U.S. security protocols.  Lapan said the U.S. government was unable to resolve the problem before Nurmantyo arrived at the airport and he was denied boarding. The general was eventually cleared and booked on another flight but  he chose not to travel,  Lapan added.  The U.S. government is dedicated to ensuring that all persons traveling to the United States are screened and properly vetted. We regret that the passenger and his wife were inconvenienced,  Lapan said in an emailed statement. The spokesman declined to respond to a question about the security protocols that led to Nurmantyo being denied boarding, saying:  We re not able to discuss the specifics of individual cases.  Some Indonesians reacted indignantly to the incident, putting up banners around the capital calling for the U.S. ambassador to be expelled and for Americans to be  sent home .  Former Indonesian Ambassador to the United States Dino Patti Djalal called for a stronger government reaction.   The government should not be asking for a clarification, but rather conveying a protest to the U.S. side,  he said on Twitter. Nurmantyo has frequently courted controversy in Indonesia over what analysts perceive to be his political ambitions. He has been accused of whipping up nationalist sentiment by promoting the notion that Indonesia is besieged by  proxy wars  waged by foreign states looking to undermine the country.  This month, Indonesian President Joko Widodo said the armed forces should stay out of politics and ensure their loyalty was only to the state and the government - a statement many believed referred to Nurmantyo s actions. Nurmantyo is due to retire next March and many expect him to run for vice president or even president in 2019. ",worldnews,"October 23, 2017 ",1
33302,9800,Sexual abuse accuser sues ex-House Speaker Hastert for $1.8 million   ,"(Reuters) - A man who accused former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert of sexual abuse filed a lawsuit on Monday claiming the once powerful conservative politician owes him $1.8 million as a part of an agreement between them to compensate him for decades of pain and suffering. The plaintiff, identified as James Doe, filed the lawsuit in Kendall County Circuit Court in northeastern Illinois, claiming Hastert owes him the unpaid portion of a $3.5 million deal they verbally agreed to in 2008. Doe said he was 14 when he was molested by Hastert, a trusted family friend, high school teacher and “beloved coach” of the state champion wrestling team in the town of Yorkville, Illinois. Hastert, 74, pleaded guilty in October to a federal charge in Chicago federal court of “structuring” for evading bank reporting rules by withdrawing large amounts of cash in small increments. He was taking out the funds to make payments to a man identified in court documents by federal prosecutors as Individual A. Hastert is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday for the financial crime, and faces up to five years in prison although prosecutors have recommended a maximum of six months. Another Hastert accuser known as Individual D, and the sister of another accuser, who is deceased, are expected to testify at the sentencing hearing. Hastert’s attorney, Thomas Green, had no comment on the lawsuit, a spokeswoman said in an email. Court documents in Hastert’s trial revealed that he was accused of abusing five boys in the 1960s and 1970s, decades before he became one of the country’s most powerful politicians. Doe’s lawsuit claims Hastert sexually molested and abused him in a motel room while they were on a trip to a wrestling camp. “For many years to follow, Plaintiff (Doe) suffered severe panic attacks which lead to periods of unemployment, career changes, bouts of depression, hospitalization, and psychiatric long-term treatment,” the lawsuit said. Hastert admitted in his plea deal that he paid $1.7 million in cash, from June 2010 to December 2014, to someone he had known for decades to compensate for past misconduct. Doe said in his lawsuit that he confronted Hastert in 2008 after learning that Hastert had sexually abused another person. Doe suggested $3.5 million when Hastert asked him how much would compensate him. Hastert agreed to pay the amount and asked for Doe to keep the agreement quiet, the lawsuit said. ",politicsNews,"April 25, 2016 ",1
43224,19722,Trump says democracy must be restored in Venezuela soon,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Monday he wanted democracy restored soon in Venezuela and warned that the United States might take additional measures to apply pressure on the oil-producing nation. At a dinner with Latin American leaders on the fringes of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump said the Venezuelan people were starving and their country, once one of the wealthiest, was collapsing.     Brazilian President Michel Temer told reporters afterwards that all present at the dinner agreed on the need to ramp up international pressure on the Socialist government of President Nicol s Maduro but without intervening directly in Venezuela. The United States has applied financial sanctions against Venezuela, the supplier of 10 percent of the oil it consumes, and Trump said his government is prepared to take additional steps if Maduro continues on a path to authoritarian rule. Saying the situation in Venezuela was  completely unacceptable,  Trump called for a full restoration of democracy and political freedoms.  We want it to happen very soon.  Besides Temer, Trump invited presidents Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia, Juan Carlos Varela of Panama and Argentine Vice President Gabriela Michetti to the dinner with their foreign ministers. At least 125 people have been killed in four months of protests against the Maduro government, which has resisted calls to bring forward the presidential election and instead set up a pro-Maduro legislative superbody called a Constituent Assembly that has overruled the country s opposition-led Congress.   To make matters worse, Maduro has defied his own people stealing power from their elected representatives to preserve his disastrous rule,  Trump said at the dinner.       Maduro has blamed Venezuela s financial troubles on an alleged  economic war  by domestic opponents and the United States. Latin American governments have called for negotiations to resolve the crisis through a peaceful transition to democracy, especially Colombia and Brazil which have long borders with Venezuela and are receiving tens of thousands of Venezuelans fleeing the economic chaos and political turmoil. While the Trump administration has imposed financial sanctions and Trump has called for tougher action, Latin American leaders have stuck to diplomatic sanctions and ruled out a military intervention, an option Trump has mentioned.  Evidently, everyone at the table wants a democratic solution in Venezuela, but no one wants a foreign intervention,  Temer said. Sanctions were not discussed at the dinner, the Brazilian leader said.  We are talking about verbal sanctions, with democratic words, diplomatic words,  Temer said. ",worldnews,"September 18, 2017 ",1
24318,816,Ex-Democratic leader who mulled dropping Clinton spurns critics,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The former head of the U.S. Democratic National Committee on Sunday defended her assertion that she had seriously considered proposing to replace Hillary Clinton as the party’s 2016 presidential nominee, and said her critics could “go to hell.” Donna Brazile has written in a soon-to-be-published book that she thought about working to replace Clinton with then-Vice President Joe Biden after the nominee almost collapsed at an event on Sept. 11, 2016. In an interview on Sunday with ABC’s “This Week,” Brazile said she had supported Clinton but felt under pressure to come up with a “Plan B” after the candidate collapsed and many people were calling the DNC to ask about the incident. “I wanted her to win, but we were under pressure,” Brazile said. “For those who are telling me to shut up ... you know what I tell them? Go to hell. I’m going to tell my story.” Her book, “Hacks: The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns that put Donald Trump in the White House,” is set for release on Tuesday by Hachette Books. About 100 former Clinton campaign staffers have signed an open letter saying they were shocked to learn in Brazile’s upcoming book that she considered trying to replace both Clinton and Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine. Clinton, a former U.S. senator and first lady, beat Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination but lost the election to Republican Donald Trump in November 2016. She nearly fainted at a New York memorial ceremony for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Her doctor said she had been diagnosed with pneumonia two days earlier, and she took several days off from campaigning. Brazile’s comments on ABC revealed tensions with Clinton’s  campaign staff. “I got sick and tired of people trying to tell me how to spend money,” she said. “ ... I wasn’t getting a salary. I was basically volunteering my time. “I’m not Patsey the slave,” Brazile said, referring to a character in the film “12 Years a Slave.” But Brazile said she had found no evidence that the Democratic primaries were rigged, a comment at odds with an article she wrote in Politico this week saying the process had been fixed in favor of Clinton, who had signed a fundraising agreement with the DNC in 2015. Leaked emails in 2016 suggested the party had favored Clinton over Sanders. Brazile replaced former DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz last year after a furor over the emails’ contents. ",politicsNews,"November 5, 2017 ",1
6052,6052, Medical Examiner Finally Releases Report On Death Of Music Icon Prince,"The world reeled when beloved musical icon Prince Rogers Nelson   known simply as  Prince    suddenly died at the age of 57 on April 21 of this year. Music and pop culture lovers everywhere have mourned this iconic man s death and wondered how a seemingly healthy pop star could just drop dead at such a relatively young age, but we need wait no longer, as the medical examiner s report on the reason for his death has finally been released.Apparently, Prince was prescribed fentanyl, which is a an opioid painkiller that is even stronger than morphine. It is also said to be highly addictive. Prince s official cause of death is reported as  fentanyl toxicity,  and the medical examiner s report says that the overdose was accidental. The decedent self-administered fentanyl,  the report said.The Drug Enforcement Administration was a key part of the investigation into the superstar s death, as the prescription he was taking for pain was present when he was found unresponsive in an elevator at his Minnesota compound. It had also become known that Prince was addicted to the drug, and was reportedly working on seeking help from an addiction doctor. Unfortunately, that help did not come in time to save his life.This is the story of so many stars. They have the money and the connections to get almost anything they like for the right price, and it often ends in these kinds of tragedies. The same thing was true of Michael Jackson s untimely passing as well, and he was around the same age as Prince when we lost him as well.Prince apparently left no will to dictate who will receive his multimillion dollar estate, or who will receive the royalties from his incredibly large discography collection. A court will decide where all of his money, his properties, and other belongings will go.Rest in peace, Prince. Hopefully, your death will wake Hollywood doctors up and stop them from bowing to the wills of celebrities instead of doing what is safe and right.Featured image via Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images",News,"June 2, 2016",0
5955,5955, WATCH: President Obama Hilariously Expresses His Joy At Trump Being The Republican Nominee,"The Republican Party may have done more than shoot themselves in the foot by supporting Donald Trump as their nominee, and President Obama couldn t be happier about it.During an appearance with Jimmy Fallon that will air on Thursday night, the Tonight Show host asked Obama what his role will be during the 2016 race to succeed him in the White House. The role I m going to be playing in this process is to remind the American people this is a serious job,  Obama said.  This is not reality TV. Clearly, President Obama just took a shot at Trump with that statement. After all, Trump is the only candidate in the field who has been a reality TV star. Trump hosted The Apprentice for 14 seasons until his racist presidential campaign announcement caused NBC to cut ties with him. Do you think Republicans are happy with their choice?  Fallon asked President Obama.Using his great comedic timing, Obama responded,  Umm, we are,  and the audience broke out in laughter. That was too easy,  Obama continued.  The truth is that I m worried about the Republican Party. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, Donald Trump is the gift that keeps on giving for the Democrats as they have gladly sat back and watched the Republican nominee tear apart the GOP piece by piece. Republicans are split on their support for Trump, especially as he continues hurling racist attacks against the judge presiding over the Trump University lawsuit.That alone has caused many Republicans to withdraw their endorsements, while other Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan have condemned Trump s racism but still support the racist for the presidency, causing even extreme conservative publisher Erik Erickson to blast Republicans for betraying their principles by supporting Trump.This is not only a preview of what President Obama had to say on the Tonight Show, it s a preview of how we can expect President Obama to deal with Donald Trump when he finally hits the campaign trail. And it s pretty clear that President Obama thinks Trump is a joke.Featured image via screen capture",News,"June 9, 2016",0
21178,21178,"THE NEW SWEDEN: Rapes, Riots, Severed Heads, Freeloading Foreigners And Shocking Acquittals","The consequences of throwing out the welcome mat for people who have no intention of obeying your rules or living in a world with morals or values  Some 30 Muslim men thought that the woman was in violation of Islamic sharia law, by being in Sweden unaccompanied by a man. They thought that she should therefore be raped and her teenage son killed.  Two Swedish citizens were convicted by a Gothenburg Court of joining an Islamist terror group in Syria and murdering two captives. Video evidence showed one victim being beheaded.  Every night when I have gone to bed, I have seen a head hanging in the air.    Court Chairman Ralf G. Larsson.  Sometime during the night, the victim was awakened by the Iraqi as he raped her. The woman managed to break free and locate a train attendant. At first, the woman did not want to call the police.  She felt sorry for him [the rapist]   and was afraid he would be deported back to Iraq. One week after Sweden raised its terror alert level to the highest ever, the police raised another alarm   saying their weapons are simply not good enough to prevent a potential terror attack.November 4: The Swedish Immigration Service sent out a press release, saying that it had hired close to a thousand additional employees since June. The Immigration Service now has over 7,000 employees, including hourly workers and consultants   double the 3,350 employees who worked there in 2012. Most of the new recruits work with the legal processing of asylum applications, but the units dealing with receiving migrants and filing their initial applications have also expanded considerably. As if the record influx of migrants this autumn were not crushing enough, the Immigration Service also had trouble retaining its staff. Employees complain about being badly treated: they are always expected to be on call, and possibly even work Christmas Eve.November 4: Bobel Barqasho, a 31-year-old Syrian, was sentenced by Sweden s Supreme Court to 14 years in prison. Before his case reached the Supreme Court, Barqasho had been sentenced by a lower court to 9 years in prison, then acquitted by the Court of Appeals. In February 2013, Barqasho threw his wife off a sixth-floor balcony. Against all odds, the woman survived the 13-meter (about 43 feet) fall, but was badly injured. When she woke up after five weeks in a coma, her head was held together by a helmet, her face felt loose, and her teeth were gone. In the Court of Appeals, the defense managed to plant reasonable doubt about the man s guilt by claiming the woman was depressed and had jumped of her own free will] so the Court of Appeals set him free. By the time the Supreme Court pronounced its sentence of 14 years, Barqasho had disappeared. He is now being sought by Interpol.November 6: The Gr nkulla School in Alvesta closed after reports of a rape at the facility spread on social media. A Somali boy had apparently been sexually harassing a 12-year-old girl for some time. On October 17, he allegedly took his attentions a step farther, pulled the girl behind a bush and raped her. The girl s father had been unsuccessful in trying to get the school to address the problem earlier, but even after the reported rape, the school s management did not act. The boy was allowed to continue going to the school   just on a schedule different from the girl s. Her distraught parents told the news website Fria Tider:  We are being spat on because we are Swedish.  In protest against the school s management, many parents, viewing the school as having sided with the perpetrator, moved their children to other schools.November 9: Social commentator and whistleblower Merit Wager revealed on her blog that administrators at the Immigration Service had all been ordered to  accept the claim that an applicant is a child, if he does not look as if he is over 40.  A staggering 32,180  unaccompanied refugee children  had arrived during 2015 by December 1   since then another 1,130 have come   and the government finally decided to take action.If its proposition is approved by Parliament, everyone who looks adult-aged will be forced to go through a medical age-determination procedure. One of the reasons Sweden stopped doing these in the first place, was that pediatricians refused to take part in them. They said the procedures were  unreliable. November 10: A 28-year-old Iraqi man was prosecuted for raping a woman on a night train between Finland and Sweden. The man had originally planned to seek asylum in Finland, but had found the living conditions there too harsh. He had therefore taken a train back to Sweden. In a couchette (sleeping car where men and women are together), the rapist and two other asylum seekers met one of the many Swedish women whose hearts go out to  new arrivals.  The woman bought sandwiches for the men; they drank vodka. When two of the men started groping the woman, she told them to stop, yet chose to lie down and go to sleep. Sometime during the night, she was awakened by the Iraqi as he raped her. The woman managed to break free and locate a train attendant. To the attendant s surprise, the woman did not immediately want to press charges. The court documents state:  The train attendant asked if he should call the police. At first, the woman did not want him to do so, because she did not want to put N.N., an asylum seeker, in a tough spot. She felt sorry for him  and was afraid he would be deported back to Iraq. The man was given a sentence of one year in prison, payment of 85,000 kronor (about $10,000) in damages, and deportation   but will be allowed to come back to Sweden after five years.November 10: An Algerian and a Syrian asylum seeker were indicted for raping a Swedish woman in Str ngn s. The men, 39-year-old from Algeria and 31-year-old from Syria, met the woman in a bar one night in August. When the woman left, one of the men followed her, pulled her to the ground, and assaulted her. Afterwards, the woman kept walking, and ran into two other men   the Syrian and another unidentified man   and was raped again. The Syrian reportedly also spit her in face and said,  I m going to f k you, little Swedish girl.  The men, who lived at the same asylum house, denied knowing each other when questioned by the police.The verdict was announced on December 1. Rapist number one was sentenced to 2.5 years in prison, 117,000 kronor (about $14,000) in damages, and deportation to Algeria. Rapist number two was convicted of aggravated rape and sentenced to four years in prison. He cannot be deported, however, because  there are currently hindrances towards enforcing deportations to Syria.  He was also ordered to pay the woman 167,000 kronor (about $20,000) in damages.November 13: A trial began against eight Eritrean men, between the ages of 19 and 26, who according to the District Court,  crudely and ruthlessly  gang-raped a 45-year-old woman. She had been waiting in a stairwell for a friend when the men invited her into an apartment. Inside, she was thrown on the floor, held down, beaten and brutally raped. When questioned by the police, she said,  It felt as if there were hands and fingers everyplace. Fingers penetrated me, vaginally, anally. It hurt very much. I could feel the fingernails.  She said she could also hear the Eritreans laughing and speaking in their own language while they raped her.  They seemed to be enjoying themselves,  she said.When two of the men started fighting over who should rape her next, she tried to flee, but one of the men hit her over the head; she fell unconscious. After coming to, she escaped out a window and was able to reach a neighbor.The District Court of Falun established that several men had taken part in the attack, but the District Attorney was unable to prove who had done what. Therefore, only one man was convicted of aggravated rape, and sentenced to five years in prison. The others were sentenced to only 10 months in prison for helping to conceal a serious criminal offense. After serving their time, the men will be allowed to stay in Sweden.November 14: The Swedish Security Service, S po, warned again of Muslim terrorists hiding among migrants. The number of individuals listed as potential security threats has tripled this year, and includes several hundred who may be ready to carry out  Paris-style  attacks.As the Immigration Service has a huge backlog in trying to register all 150,000 asylum seekers who have come to Sweden so far in 2015, there are probably also many migrants that would be considered potential security threats.November 14: Sweden s Foreign Minister, Margot Wallstr m, made yet another strange statement with diplomatic consequences. The day after the Paris attacks, in an interview with Swedish Public Television, Wallstr m was asked,  How worried are you about the radicalization of young people in Sweden who choose to fight for ISIS?  Wallstr m replied: Yes, of course we have a reason to be worried not only here in Sweden but around the world, because there are so many who are being radicalized. Here again, you come back to situations like that in the Middle East, where not least the Palestinians see that there isn t any future for us [the Palestinians], we either have to accept a desperate situation or resort to violence. Two days later, the Swedish ambassador to Israel, Carl Magnus Nesser, was called to a meeting at the Israeli Foreign Ministry. Its spokesman, Emmanuel Nahshon, later told Reuters,  The Swedish Foreign Minister s statements are appallingly impudent  [She] demonstrates genuine hostility when she points to a connection of any kind between the terror attacks in Paris and the complex situation between Israel and the Palestinians. In a formal statement, the Swedish Foreign Ministry denied that Margot Wallstr m s remark had connected the Paris attacks with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Swedish Conservative (Moderaterna) Member of Parliament, Hanif Bali, sarcastically tweeted that it seemed the Foreign Minister is suffering from an  obvious case of Israel-Tourette s. November 18: The Authority for Civil Protection and Contingency Planning (MSB) warned that the asylum situation was not only  very strained,  but that things keep getting worse   and that in some parts of Sweden, the authorities can only function until the end of December. Meanwhile, the Immigration Service calculated that another 13,000 beds are needed in so-called evacuation accommodations.  The problem cannot be fully solved even if the Armed Forces help provide more housing or if the MSB could arrange more tent accommodations,  the authority wrote.The massive influx of asylum seekers has also led to native Swedes  being crowded out of the health care and social services systems,  according to the MSB.  It [the MSB] is so busy handling unaccompanied children and asylum seekers, that there simply is not enough time to tend to the everyday functions, such as healthcare and social services,  said Alexandra Nordlander, Chief of Operative Analysis at the MSB, to the daily tabloid, Aftonbladet.November 19: A fire broke out at Lundsbrunn Spa, a few weeks after plans were announced to convert the historic building into the biggest asylum-seekers  home in Sweden. According to the police, the fire was not an arson, but started in a wood-pellet stove.Many hotels and spas have transforming themselves into asylum-seekers  housing, in order to profit from lucrative deals offered by the Immigration Service. Lundsbrunn Spa, near a mineral spring, dates back to 1890; in 1817, a hospital was established on the grounds. The nearby village is home to fewer than 1,000 people, so when Lundsbrunn Spa decided to accept an offer from the Immigration Service, the village faced a doubling of its population. The owners of Lundsbrunn wrote on the Spa s website that they see the transformation from spa to asylum-seekers  home as a temporary measure.November 20: Norwegian businessman Petter Stordalen, the billionaire owner of Nordic Choice Hotels, announced that the chain s many properties in Scandinavia and the Baltic states would no longer serve their guests sausage and bacon for breakfast. The breakfast buffet of the Nordic Choice s Clarion Hotel Post in Gothenburg was named earlier this year the best hotel breakfast in the world by the British newspaper, The Mirror. But apparently, this award did not matter.The cause for the hotel s decision was cited as  health reasons.  The internet, however, was soon abuzz with speculation that the real reason was adaptation to Islamic dietary laws (halal). One week later, Stordalen backtracked. The reaction from hotel guests had been too strong. Many people vented their anger over the withheld bacon on Stordalen s Facebook page. Stordalen commented:  The guests have spoken. Comfort Hotels are bringing back bacon. November 23: Hassan Mostafa Al-Mandlawi, 32, and Al Amin Sultan, 30, were indicted in the Gothenburg Municipal Court, suspected of having traveled to Syria in 2013 and murdering at least two people there. The charge was terrorist crimes, (alternatively crimes against international law) and murder. Chief Prosecutor Agnetha Hilding Qvarnstr m, of the National Unit for Security Cases, said:  The act [was] committed with the intent to harm the state of Syria and intimidate the people, thus the classification: terrorist crimes. The hard part is to clarify fully whether these men have been part of an armed group, and acted within the frames of the armed conflict, or not. The accused men came to Sweden, one from Iraq and one from Syria, as children, but grew up in Sweden and are Swedish citizens. They traveled to Syria in 2013, and joined one of the many Islamist terror groups there. According to the prosecution, they murdered two captured workers in an industrial area of Aleppo by slitting their throats. The prosecutor wrote that,  Al-Mandlawi and Sultan have both expressed delight at the deeds. During the trial, films of the executions were shown, but both men still denied having committed the crimes. Those present in court agreed that the films were among the most disturbing ever displayed in a Swedish court. First, they show a man having his throat slit, the blood gushing before he dies. Then, the other victim s head is severed from his body, and the killer holds up the severed head to loud cheers from the others. The court s chairman, Ralf G. Larsson, told the news agency, TT:  Every night when I have gone to bed, I have seen a head hanging in the air. The verdict was announced December 14: Both men were convicted of terrorist crimes and sentenced to life in prison. The verdict will be appealed, the defense lawyers said.Via: Gatestone Institute",left-news,"Jan 2, 2016",0
5758,5758," If You Liked This Kid’s Trump Impression, You’re Going To LOVE His Bernie And Hillary (VIDEO)","If there s anyone who can appreciate a good Donald Trump impersonation it s Jimmy Fallon of The Tonight Show. Fallon has been impersonating Trump throughout the entirety of this presidential election, and doing so pretty damn flawlessly.However, there s another Trump impersonator who is giving Fallon a run for his money, Jack Aiello, and he just nailed Trump perfectly during his 8th grade commencement ceremony.For comparison, here s Aiello doing his amazing Trump impression:Aiello did such a good job with his impersonation that it garnered the attention of Fallon, who then brought him onto The Tonight Show to play  Little Donald,  who now will be Trump s running-mate. Fallon, as Trump, said on the show: The only person good enough to be my vice president is me. Which is probably a very accurate guess as to who the real Donald Trump would actually like as his running-mate.Although, what the audience wasn t expecting, alongside the Aiello s brilliant Trump impression, was an equally as impressive, if not better impression, of Bernie Sanders, finger wave and all. And, of course, Hillary Clinton was thrown into the sketch for good measure as well with Aiello and Fallon having the candidates prank calling each other.Needless to say, this kid has a bright future in impersonating, and SNL may be calling him sooner rather than later.Watch the hilarious sketch here:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"June 23, 2016",0
12461,12461,CALIFORNIA PROTESTS HEAT UP: Students Walk Out Of Class Claim “Trump Isn’t Our President”," Thousands of students from Berkeley High School walked out of class and flooded the UC Berkeley campus Wednesday morning in protest of Tuesday night s general election victory for Republican nominee Donald Trump.The outraged reaction to the announcement of Trump s victory follows the chaotic scene earlier this morning, when a crowd of about 200 people   comprising largely UC Berkeley students   marched from campus down Telegraph Avenue to Oakland City Hall.NOTE THE MEXICAN FLAGS: Students planned to begin a different protest against Trump beginning Wednesday at noon, while activist group BAMN also announced an  Emergency Response Protest  later in the evening.Students from BHS and UC Berkeley swelling at the base of the Campanile chanted,  Trump loves hate  and  Not our president  while a news helicopter circled overhead. I m here because Trump discriminates against many, many minorities, but if we can unite together, then we ll make a majority against him, which is what we need to do to survive this,  said Gigi Mancuso-Jackson, a BHS freshman at the protest.Via: DailyCal",politics,"Nov 9, 2016",0
21658,21658,ARMY THREATENS GREEN BERET WAR HERO WITH COURT MARTIAL For Whistleblowing On Failed Hostage Rescue,"The Army can t be bothered with defending or protecting war heroes, they re too busy with other more pressing issues like ensuring gays are free to come out of the closet and removing any trace of Christianity from our military bases.A Green Beret war hero under investigation for unauthorized communications with Congress will testify on Thursday that the Army is out to court-martial him on criminal charges.Meanwhile, Rep. Duncan Hunter, one of the lawmakers with whom the soldier spoke about Obama administration hostage rescue policies, has asked the Pentagon inspector general to investigate whether the Army is springing allegations against personnel such as the Green Beret as pure retaliation.Lt. Col. Jason Amerine, the Special Forces soldier, is due to testify before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs about what he considers reprisals against him as a whistleblower. After I made protected disclosures to Congress, the Army suspended my clearance, removed me from my job, launched a criminal investigation and deleted my retirement orders with a view to court martial me after I exercised that Constitutional right,  says Col. Amerine, according to partial remarks provided to The Washington Times by Mr. Hunter s office. For nearly five months, I have received no relief from the military and there has been no transparency in their investigation of me. My pay was even stopped briefly after the Army deleted my retirement orders. Mr. Hunter, California Republican and member of the House Armed Services Committee, wrote to Jon T. Rymer, the inspector general, about three soldiers against whom he believed Army Secretary John McHugh retaliated. He asked for an IG investigation into Mr. McHugh s use of the Criminal Investigation Command. Specifically, my concern is that the Army   under the leadership of Secretary of the Army   has used CID for the purpose of influencing actions/outcomes and retaliating against soldiers,  he wrote.He cited three soldiers:  Col. Amerine. The officer worked in a small Army unit at the Pentagon and he devoted himself to developing policies to gain the release of Americans held by Islamic extremists. He came to believe the administration s hostage policies were in disarray and told Mr. Hunter. The congressman proposed legislation to create a hostage coordinator to work with the various agencies involved, such as the FBI, Pentagon and State Department.  Maj. Matt Golsteyn. Also a Green Beret, Maj. Golsteyn saw his valor awards and Special Forces tab stripped by Secretary McHugh. The officer was accused of killing a Taliban bomb-maker, but was never officially charged. He faces a board of inquiry hearing.  Sgt. First Class Earl Plumlee. Sgt. Plumlee was nominated for the Medal of Honor, the nation s highest military award, for repelling an attack on a base in Afghanistan and saving lives. The MOH was endorsed by top commanders, including Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But Mr. McHugh downgraded the award to a Silver Star. Mr. Hunter said it was based on a  questionable CID investigation. Col. Amerine already has filed a whistleblower retaliation complaint with the IG. The Army probe began after the FBI complained that Col. Amerine was providing information to Congress. I have personally met with the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the developments leading up to the Army investigation,  Mr. Hunter told Mr. Rymer.  An investigation, I firmly believe, was not warranted, but continues to be unjustifiably delayed. Col. Amerine holds a special place in the history of the Afghanistan war. He led a joint Green Beret-Afghan team in the 2001 invasion, and fought along side Hamid Karzai, the future president.An Army spokesman has said,  As a matter of policy, we do not confirm the names of individuals who may or may not be under investigation to protect the integrity of a possible ongoing investigation, as well as the privacy rights of all involved. However, I note that both the law and Army policy would prohibit initiating an investigation based solely on a Soldier s protected communications with.Via: Washington Times ",left-news,"Jun 12, 2015",0
28934,5432,Illinois proposes state police hiring in effort to curb violence,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois’ governor on Wednesday proposed boosting the shrinking ranks of the Illinois State Police in an effort to quell a steady increase in gun violence spilling over from Chicago’s neighborhoods onto the city’s expressways.  Bruce Rauner’s proposed budget would add a projected 170 troopers through two cadet classes, one this year and another during the 2019 fiscal year. Seventy of these troopers would be sent to the Chicago area.      “Those officers will allow us to send more patrols to the Chicago area, to the expressways to counter the violence that has spilled over onto the highways there,” the Republican governor told lawmakers in his Springfield budget address.  The number of Illinois State Police troopers has declined significantly since 2008 when there were 2,105 sworn officers, according to state police data. That number dropped by more than 400 troopers to 1,671 as of last year. Rauner took office in 2015.  Feuding between Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature has kept Illinois without a full operating budget since July 2015, which has meant no cadet hires for the state police in 2015 and 2016. A six-month fiscal 2017 budget expired on Dec. 31. At the same time, the number of shootings on Chicago-area expressways has consistently increased, with law enforcement placing the blame on increased gang activity.  There were just nine Chicago-area expressway shootings in 2011 and 2012. Shooting incidents jumped to 19 in 2014 from 16 in 2013. The number nearly doubled to 37 in 2015 and rose again to 47 in 2016.  Three of last year’s shootings were fatal.   There have been two confirmed shootings on the expressways so far this year and six others that are unconfirmed, Illinois State Police spokesman Jason Bradley said by email.  The violence in 2016 came as part of a broader surge in violence across Chicago, the nation’s third most populous city.   With the additions to police numbers, there will be an increase in overall state police headcount of about 140 to an estimated 2,651 for the 2018 fiscal year from an estimated 2,511 for fiscal 2017.  The cost of the two classes for the 2018 fiscal year will be $10.5 million, the proposed budget said. The annualized cost of the new officers, including salaries and benefits, will be $20 million.   ",politicsNews,"February 15, 2017 ",1
30628,7126,"Trump outlines plans for first day in office, meets with Cabinet hopefuls","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump outlined plans on Monday for his first day in office, including withdrawing from a major trade accord and investigating abuses of work visa programs, and met with Cabinet hopefuls at his Manhattan office tower. Trump met with Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin, Democratic U.S. Representative Tulsi Gabbard and former Texas Governor Rick Perry. But he announced no further appointments, keeping candidates and the public guessing about the shape of the administration that will take office on Jan. 20. Fallin, Gabbard and Perry were the latest of dozens of officials who have made their way across the opulent lobby of Trump Tower for talks with the Republican president-elect in a relatively open - and unconventional - transition process since his election victory on Nov. 8. Trump, who has not held a news conference since his election, issued a video on Monday evening outlining some of his plans for his first day in office, including formally declaring his intent to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, trade deal, which he called “a potential disaster for our country.” The 12-nation TPP is Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature trade initiative and was signed by the United States earlier this year but has not been ratified by the U.S. Senate. The president-elect said he would replace the accord with bilaterally negotiated trade deals that would “bring jobs and industry back onto American shores.” “My agenda will be based on a simple core principle:  putting America first. Whether it’s producing steel, building cars or curing disease, I want the next generation of production and innovation to happen right here on our great homeland, America, creating wealth and jobs for American workers,” he said. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Monday the TPP “would be meaningless without the United States.” Trump said he would cancel some restrictions on producing energy in the United States on his first day in office, particularly shale oil and “clean coal,” which he said would create “many millions of high-paying jobs.” He promised to direct the Labor Department to investigate abuses of visa programs for immigrant workers. The main U.S. visa program for technology workers could face tough scrutiny under Trump and his proposed attorney general, U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, a longtime critic of the program. Trump had made eliminating regulations and withdrawing from the TPP central to his campaign, but he sent mixed signals during the campaign about his views on visa programs including the main H-1B visa for high-tech industry workers. Trump has so far picked two Cabinet members and three top White House advisers, but aides said he was not expected to make further announcements on Monday. “They could come this week, they could come today, but we’re not in a rush to publish names,” Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser, told reporters. “We’ve got to get it right.” Trump spoke often with reporters camped out at his New Jersey golf course over the weekend, but has not held a traditional news conference to talk about his priorities. He held an off-the-record meeting with a group of television anchors and executives on Monday afternoon and was scheduled to meet with print media representatives on Tuesday. The Washington Post reported that four participants at Monday’s meeting described it as a contentious but generally respectful session. They told the Post that Trump singled out reporting of his campaign by CNN and NBC that he considered to be unfair.  Trump also returned to Twitter on Monday night, saying  “many people” would like to see Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage as British ambassador to the United States. “He would do a great job!” Farage, who helped lead the successful referendum fight for Britain to leave the European Union, spoke at a Trump rally during the U.S. campaign and visited the president-elect after his victory. Trump’s first meeting on Monday was with Iraq war veteran  Gabbard, a representative from Hawaii who backed U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in his unsuccessful 2016 Democratic presidential nominating contest against Hillary Clinton. The “frank and positive” discussion focused on the war in Syria, counterterrorism and other foreign policy issues, Gabbard said in a statement. She did not say whether a Cabinet role was part of the discussion. Gabbard has veered from Democratic Party positions at times, backing policies cracking down on immigration to the United States by Muslims. Fallin told reporters she was not offered a position but discussed “a wide range of topics” with Trump. The Republican governor’s spokesman said that included a focus on the Interior Department, an agency whose responsibilities include oversight of oil and gas leases on public lands. Former Republican U.S Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts told reporters he had a “great” meeting about veterans’ issues with Trump. Trump also met with former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich and Elaine Chao, the U.S. labor secretary under former President George W. Bush, advisers said. Trump’s transition team said Perry, the former Texas governor, was being considered for Cabinet posts including defense, energy and veterans affairs.  Trump, a New York businessman who has never previously held public office and who was the surprise winner over Clinton this month, has so far named senior leaders of his national security and law enforcement teams. In addition to Sessions, they are U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas as CIA director, and retired Army Lieutenant General Michael Flynn as White House national security adviser. For Thanksgiving, Trump planned to travel on Tuesday to Mar-a-Lago, a golf resort he owns in Florida, a spokesman said. ",politicsNews,"November 21, 2016 ",1
34708,11206,Republican lawmakers worry about running on Trump's coattails,"BALTIMORE - The prospect of running for re-election with Donald Trump at the top of the Republican ticket was worrying some party lawmakers as they huddled for an annual retreat, where a few forecast trouble if Trump becomes the party’s presidential nominee. “Heaven help us,” Representative Peter Roskam said when asked about it by a reporter. But the Illinois Republican quickly added, “I’m not going to comment on the presidential candidates at this point.” That reticence was shared by many lawmakers asked about running on Trump’s coattails during an event in Baltimore where Senate and House of Representatives Republicans gathered to talk through their priorities for a coming year whose highlight is the November election. Some were not reluctant to express concerns. Trump would not help Republicans if he topped the ticket, despite his appeal to Americans fed up with politicians, said Representative Justin Amash, a favorite of the conservative Tea Party movement who has endorsed Kentucky Republican Senator Rand Paul for president. “He does appeal to the anger,” Amash said of Trump, the outspoken real estate mogul who is front-runner to be the party’s presidential nominee. But he said Trump’s “policy prescriptions will take us in the wrong direction, and it won’t be long before many of those people are angry at him and angry at Republicans again.” The idea of Trump capturing the Republican nomination seemed highly unlikely just months ago, but it was sinking in as an actual possibility this week across the Republican Party. In addition to voting for a new president, Americans will elect members of the Senate and the House on Nov. 8. In U.S. politics, a party’s presidential nominee has a big impact on  the campaigns of candidates for both chambers of Congress. At the party gathering, Republican leaders were keen to talk policy, not presidential politics. “What happens above us on the presidential ballot, you really don’t control,” Senator John Thune, a senior party leader from South Dakota, told reporters. House Speaker Paul Ryan, of Wisconsin, said: “We are not sitting here thinking about who the nominee is going to be. We don’t have time to think about that.” But in the hallways of the retreat, at a hotel on Baltimore’s restored waterfront, Trump was often the hot topic. He is leading national opinion polls ahead of the Feb. 1 Iowa caucus, the first step in the nominating process. Representative Jason Chaffetz said it was important to have a presidential nominee who will not “embarrass” the rest of the party’s candidates as they defend the Republican majorities in both congressional chambers. Chaffetz, who is from Utah, has endorsed Marco Rubio, a Republican senator from Florida. Polls show Rubio in third place behind Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa. “Marco Rubio is not going to embarrass us ... He’s not as sensational in his comments as the others, but there’s a good quality to that, and I think that’s also something you look for in a president,” Chaffetz said. Among other proposals, Trump has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico to stop the flow of illegal immigrants. Representative Tom Cole said Republicans’ fate will be linked closely to the Republican nominee, whoever it is.  Trump would be a wild card, said Cole, of Oklahoma. “I don’t know what he (Trump) will do. I can see a situation where he could be a great asset, because I do think he will bring some people out (to vote) who have not been brought before.” Representative Peter King of New York agreed that Trump is “more of a gamble” at the top of the ticket. “The conventional wisdom is that he would hurt more than he would help,” said King, who was unable to attend the retreat but spoke by telephone. “But on the other hand, he is tapping into something (among voters) out there.”  (Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Caren Bohan and Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",politicsNews,"January 15, 2016 ",1
27975,4473,"Infrastructure overhaul may top $1 trillion, cut red tape: Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump vowed on Tuesday to cut red tape to speed up approval of infrastructure projects and said his overhaul could top $1 trillion on roads, tunnels and bridges, one of his 2016 election campaign promises.  Trump, a real estate businessman before he was elected, did not provide further details on the amount or where the money would come from when he spoke to a White House meeting of 50 chief executives and other business leaders. U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said at the forum that the administration plans to release a legislative package in May. Investors have become more skeptical that the plan would  win approval this year in Congress, which is controlled by Republicans who are traditionally wary of big spending. Trump said building a highway can require dozens of approvals and take 10 to 20 years, a process he vowed to speed up. Trump said he would not fund projects that cannot be started within 90 days.  The administration wants to improve the electrical grid and water systems, rebuild airports, bridges, roads and potentially hospitals for military veterans and broadband. National Economic Council director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, “is probably the single most exciting thing we can do.”. Cohn, an investment banker with Goldman Sachs before he became Trump’s top economic adviser, said it could help speed flight times and reduce fuel use. Cohn said if cities “sell off” or privatize infrastructure assets, the administration could provide financial support. “We’re not on the cutting edge of this,” Cohn said. “We’ve got to get a little more comfortable with public-private partnerships.” Cohn touted an idea of electric car maker Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) CEO Elon Musk to use tunnels to speed rail transit on the densely populated east coast and also to cut traffic congestion in Los Angeles. A Tesla spokesman declined comment. ",politicsNews,"April 4, 2017 ",1
8852,8852, Barbaric Bullies Set Disabled 13-Year-Old Boy On Fire (VIDEO),"Deandre Williams suffers from a disability which causes him to walk with a limp. Because of his condition, his mother says, a group of student bullies routinely picked on and bullied him, even giving him the nickname  limpy. Shortly before Christmas, this same group of students invited the teen to the community center, supposedly to hang out. The 13-year-old then went with the group to the home of one of the student bullies.Once inside the house, one of the students doused him in cologne and then lit him on fire. He was trying to leave, run out of the house but he can t because he can t run. He walks with a limp,  his mother, Ursula Allen, told Fox 5 in New York.According to Allen, there were others in the house at the time the attack occurred, including the mother and the sister of the student who set her son on fire.Although Deandre had severe burns on his face, neck, chest and arm, more than two hours past before anyone attempted to get medical attention for the injured teen. When the sister saw what was going on she covered it up,  Allen said.  She put Deandre in the shower which hurts even more. The teen was later admitted to the hospital in critical condition, due to the severity of his injuries.Here s more on this story from Fox 5.The attack on Deandre Bloomfield took place in Staten Island, New York on December 2nd.During an interview with New York Daily News on December 9, the teen said he thought the boy who attacked him was his friend. He used to bully me. Smack me around,  he said during the interview, which took place in his room at Staten Island University Hospital North.The teen described what happened on the night of the attack. First he smacked me. I got up and I said,  Don t smack me again.  And when I wanted to leave, he picked up a perfume bottle with a lighter, and he sprayed it on me. He did it two times. The first time he did it sparked on me. . . . And that s when I started to run, and he threw the whole bottle at me. His clothes caught on fire.Deandre s attacker, another 13-year-old boy, was not identified by police, due to his age. He was arrested and faces multiple charges.No charges have been filed against the boy s mother or sister, although police say they are still investigating the incident.After spending almost three weeks in the hospital, Deandre was released just before Christmas. Community organizations pulled together to send a message of support and healing to the teen, who also opened an assortment of awesome Christmas gifts, including an xbox one, OVO clothes, gear and more, courtesy of rapper Drake and radio station Hot 97.1.During an interview with the station on January 8, Deandre said he won t be able to go back to school for another few weeks yet. He still has some healing to do. When asked whether he felt safe going back to the same school, he said the students who bullied and attacked him are no longer attending classes there.According to the National Education Association (NEA) bullying impacts more than 13 million students in the United States annually. Every day in the U.S. more than 160,000 kids stay from home school because of bullying.If you think a child is being bullied, the NEA advises against just ignoring the signs, hoping the behavior will correct itself. Instead, the organizations advises adults to intervene as soon as they suspect there is a problem.The NEA says parents should: Take any and all steps to address bullying including getting professional help. And be sure to inform someone in your child s school that your child is being bullied. It s crucial that parents have a contact person in the school whether it be a principal or assistant principal, a teacher or a support staff person. *Featured image credit: video screen capture via Fox 5",News,"January 10, 2016",0
21750,21750,NO JOKE! THE EPA STICKS ITS NOSE INTO THE NAIL SALON BUSINESS,"The EPA must be really bored with the important things they need to look into. It is just like the government to stick its nose where it really doesn t belong. Do we really need to spend taxpayer dollars on this??? It just seems that the lines with all these government agencies are becoming more and more blurred. Defund the EPA!!!Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy will take a trip to a San Francisco nail salon Wednesday a visit intended to shine a spotlight on health risks posed by the industry.McCarthy s West Coast trip arrives on the heels of a New York Times expose published last week that documented poor working conditions in New York City-area nail salons, detailing how workers are routinely underpaid and overworked. The article sparked public outcry and prompted Gov. Andrew Cuomo to call for an investigation into worker treatment at nail salons. We know more visibility needs to be raised for these issues and we re working hard to reach communities and to educate folks,  McCarthy said Tuesday at the White House Summit on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders in Washington, where she announced her nail salon visit.During her trip, McCarthy will meet with a local nail salon owner along with members of the California Healthy Nail Salon Collaborative, which is a coalition of salon workers, environmental groups, nonprofits, and government agencies.Read more: NJ",left-news,"May 12, 2015",0
1085,1085," Democrats Go To War Over Health Care, Hold Senate Floor In Protest (VIDEO)","On Monday evening, Democrats held the Senate floor in protest of Trumpcare, the cruel GOP bill that would strip millions of their health care. The American Health Care Act has been kept secret since it hit the Senate, with only 13 Senators working on the bill. Most of the other senators, including both Republicans and Democrats, have not even been able to lay their eyes on the bill and have no idea what they are being asked to vote on.Republicans want to vote on the bill as early as possible and intend to keep the plan secret until they are sure they can push it through. Democrats are crying foul and demanding that Republicans post the bill online and give the American people 30 days to review it before a vote is held.It is estimated that if the AHCA were to pass, more than 23 million people would lose their health care. The bill guts protections for those with pre-existing conditions and is especially cruel to the elderly, who would find their premiums skyrocketing. Make no mistake, if Republicans  repeal and replace  Obamacare with Trumpcare, people are going to die. Lots of them.Senator Elizabeth Warren posted live video of Senate Democrats waging war against Trumpcare on the Senate floor. At the time of this writing, they had held the floor for more than three hours. You can watch her video feeds below:To the Democrats fighting for the health care of the American people, we say thank you.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"June 19, 2017",0
44233,20731,Xi calls for concerted effort to resolve Korean peninsula issue: Xinhua,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping urged the international community to make concerted efforts to solve the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula, in a phone call with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday. During the telephone conversation, Xi said that facts had repeatedly proven that an ultimate settlement of the nuclear issue can only be found through peaceful means, including dialogue and consultation, Xinhua said. ",worldnews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
30565,7063,"Trump, Pence to meet with former BB&T CEO Allison, others on Monday","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump plans meetings with at least eight people on Monday as he seeks to fill out his administration, including John Allison, a former chief executive of BB&T Corp, who has been mentioned as a possible pick to head the U.S. Treasury Department. During a call with reporters on Friday, his transition team said Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence on Monday will also meet with: * former Securities and Exchange Commissioner Paul Atkins, * Sheriff David Clarke of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, * Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt * General Growth Properties Chief Executive Sandeep Mathrani, * Texas Public Policy Foundation’s Kathleen White, * World Wide Technology CEO David Steward,  * and Republican U.S.  Representative Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. ",politicsNews,"November 25, 2016 ",1
10792,10792,EX-CIA DIRECTOR Reveals What Triggered Obama to Spy on Trump…You Won’t Believe What it is!," The former CIA Director told a House committee that Obama started to spy on Trump after he cracked a joke about Russia releasing Hillary Clinton s lost emails:Russia, if you re listening Rush Limbaugh reported:The Obama administration had ZERO EVIDENCE that the Russians were tampering with the US election but started listening in on Donald Trump and his top advisers  phone calls after Candidate Trump cracked a joke at a campaign press conference!Director of Central Intelligence Agency John Brennan takes questions from reporters during a press conference art CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, December 11, 2014. The head of the Central Intelligence Agency acknowledged Thursday some agency interrogators used  abhorrent  unauthorized techniques in questioning terrorism suspects after the 9/11 attacks. CIA director John Brennan said there was no way to determine whether the methods used produced useful intelligence, but he strongly denied the CIA misled the public.Rush Limbaugh reported:RUSH LIMBAUGH: Did you hear yesterday in all the double-talk that Brennan was using, he said that there was no evidence of any collusion, but there was a basis to start a CIA-FBI investigation. Now, what would the basis be if there s no evidence? There s no evidence, but there was a basis. No evidence! He s just the latest in a long line of officials in the intelligence community, in Congress, and the Obama administration who say there s no evidence of collusion.Trump-Russians? No evidence the Russians tampered with votes. But there was a basis to start an investigation. Do you know what it was? Do you know what it was? Trump s joke! When Trump said/put out a call,  Hey, Russia, maybe you can find 30,000 emails by Hillary Clinton that nobody can t find  That joke. I kid you not! That joke and the dossier that was totally made up, like Trump hire prostitutes to urinate on the bed that Obama slept it in Moscow. Those two things are the bases to start all of this. Trump telling a joke.I ve told you the left has no sense of humor, and they don t. And I ve seen it a thousand times! People on the left really believe that Trump was sending a message to the Russians to hack Hillary s server. We were way past that when this happened. Hillary had already done something with 60,000 of her emails. Thirty thousand she turned over to the State Department; 30,000 she deleted. She said they were irrelevant, but they were somewhere.Kim Dotcom was saying he had  em or could get  em. Everybody was wondering where they were. Trump, at a press conference, made a joke, a typical Trump joke,  Hey, Russia!  It s the kind of thing I would do, and I laughed myself silly. That is one of the bases for starting this whole cockamamie thing. By the way, in all these leaks of Trump phone calls, why aren t there any leaks of Trump phone calls and collusion with Russia?",politics,"May 25, 2017",0
37843,14341,Zimbabwe minister Moyo's Twitter account hacked: family member,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A relative of Zimbabwean minister Jonathan Moyo, purged from the ruling ZANU-PF party along with President Robert Mugabe, said on Monday that a tweet on his Twitter handle earlier saying that he was outside of the country was the work of a hacker.   While he remains safe, he is not the one who posted that,  the family member told Reuters, adding that Moyo remained in Zimbabwe. The tweet was subsequently deleted. ",worldnews,"November 20, 2017 ",1
43890,20388,Pope says humanity will 'go down' if it does not address climate change,"ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE (Reuters) - Pope Francis said the recent spate of hurricanes should prompt people to understand that humanity will  go down  if it does not address climate change and history will judge those who deny the science on its causes.  If we don t turn back, we will go down,  Francis told reporters on Sunday on the plane returning from Colombia. Francis strongly backed the 2015 Paris agreement on reducing global warming, from which the United States withdrew this year. Francis spoke as hurricane Irma pounded central Florida as it carved through the state with high winds, storm surges and torrential rains that left millions without power, ripped roofs off homes and flooded city streets. Francis was asked about recent hurricanes, including Irma and Harvey, and if political leaders who do not want to work with other countries to stem global warming should be held morally responsible for future effects on the planet.  You can see the effects of climate change and scientists have clearly said what path we have to follow,  he said, referring to a consensus by scientists that global warming is caused by human activity such as fossil fuels.  All of us have a responsibility, all of us, small or large, a moral responsibility. We have to take it seriously. We can t joke about it,  he said.  Each person has their own. Even politicians have their own.  Ahead of the Paris summit in 2015, Francis wrote a major encyclical, or papal letter, on the care of the environment which backed the gradual elimination of fossil fuels to stem global warming. The accord, agreed on by nearly 200 countries, aims to cut emissions blamed for global warming. The United States committed to reducing its own by 26 to 28 percent, compared with 2005 levels, by 2025. Many world leaders criticized Trump for pulling out.  If someone is doubtful that this is true, they should ask scientists. They are very clear. These are not opinions made on the fly.  They are very clear. Then each person can decide and history will judge the decisions,  he said. U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew from the Paris agreement shortly after visiting the Vatican in May. The Vatican had urged him to stay in the accord. A Vatican official said at the time that the U.S. move was a  slap in the face  for the pope and the Vatican. ",worldnews,"September 11, 2017 ",1
30050,6548,U.S. House Republicans weaken ethics body as they return to Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives agreed on Monday to weaken a nonpartisan ethics watchdog on the grounds it had grown too intrusive, prompting Democrats to charge they were scaling back independent oversight ahead of a new legislative session. As they returned to Washington following a holiday break, House Republicans voted in a closed-door meeting to place the Office of Congressional Ethics under the oversight of the House Ethics Committee, giving lawmakers greater control over an independent body charged with investigating their behavior. The measure was added to a broader rules package that is expected to pass when the House formally convenes on Tuesday. The ethics office was created in 2008 following several corruption scandals, but some lawmakers have charged in recent years that it has been too quick to investigate complaints lodged by outside partisan groups. The body will now have to deliver its reports to lawmakers, rather than releasing them directly to the public, according to a summary released by Republican Representative Bob Goodlatte. It will be renamed the Office of Congressional Complaint Review. “The OCE has a serious and important role in the House, and this amendment does nothing to impede their work,” said Goodlatte, who sponsored the measure. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, who created the ethics office while House speaker following complaints that lawmakers were unable to effectively police themselves, said Republicans were eliminating the only independent body charged with monitoring their actions. “Evidently, ethics are the first casualty of the new Republican Congress,” Pelosi said in a statement.  The move comes as Republicans who control both chambers of Congress are poised to repeal major portions of President Barack Obama’s health and environmental regulations and enact a conservative agenda once Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. ",politicsNews,"January 3, 2017 ",1
19185,19185,ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS DESTROY ITALY…Open Borders Have Terrible Consequences! [Video],"In June of 2016 over 10,000 migrants came to Italy via boat:More than 10,000 migrants have crossed the Mediterranean to Italy in just four days as the European Union fails to provide a deterrent by sending back those found not to be genuine refugees. EU leaders will today be presented with figures that show as few as six per cent of those told go back home to Africa last year actually left.Remember that the European Union is all for open borders in Europe Scattered acts of vandalism by immigrants continued throughout the day as some smashed store windows. Police said that in two separate incidents locals had tried to run over immigrants with their cars. Schools and many shops were closed.Hundreds of local residents gathered outside the town hall on Friday evening, many of them asking that the government intervene against the immigrants. They are the ones who should be afraid now, they should go away,  one resident told Sky Italia television.ANGRY LOCALS REFUSE TO ACCEPT THE MIGRANTS:",left-news,"Feb 6, 2017",0
12630,12630,LOL! Clinton News Network (CNN) SHUT DOWN At Trump Rally By Pro-Trump Deplorables [VIDEO],"A group of  deplorables  who are clearly sick and tired of the propaganda being passed off as  truth  by the Clinton News Network (CNN) managed to effectively shut down their pre-coverage of the Virginia Beach Trump rally. You gotta love the big guy wearing the Infowars Bill Clinton  Rape  t-shirt. You can hear the Trumpers yelling,  CNN sucks  and  no integrity.  Liberal media has no idea the genie that Trump let out of the bottle. Watch:",politics,"Oct 25, 2016",0
26439,2937,"Maine governor rejects latest budget deal, ready for shutdown","(Reuters) - Maine Governor Paul LePage said on Friday he would reject the latest budget deal by a bipartisan group of legislators, warning that most of the state government would shut down without more spending cuts. The second-term Republican said repeatedly this week that he would be ready to close down non-essential government services as the July 4 holiday weekend starts if the lawmakers cannot agree on a $7.055 billion two-year budget that would require no new taxes. The deal reached late on Thursday called for $7.1 billion in spending. “I’m out of ink,” LePage told reporters in the state capital of Augusta. “There will not be a signature on a budget that increases taxes.” The full legislature was due to vote on Friday, the day after a six-member bipartisan budget committee reached a deal that would repeal a measure that voters approved in November to impose an additional 3 percent income tax on state residents who earn more than $200,000 a year. The proposed budget also increases public education funding by $162 million. The leaders of Maine’s Democrat-controlled House of Representatives and Republican-controlled Senate supported the measure, but it was unclear if they could garner the two-thirds support needed for passage. Even if they do, state law gives the governor 10 days to respond to any budget passed by the legislature. LePage said on Friday that he was ready to wait that long before vetoing any budget that raises taxes. Most of the government would shut during that time. Without a shutdown, “I lose all my leverage for negotiation for the next 10 days,” LePage said, adding that he did not think lawmakers could reach a budget deal on Friday that he would accept.  State police, parks and all offices responsible for collecting revenue would continue to operate during a shutdown, LePage has said. The state’s Democratic House speaker urged lawmakers to back the budget deal. “In a divided government, compromise is the only option,” Speaker Sara Gideon said in a statement. A Maine advocacy group sued the state in federal court on Thursday, seeking an order that would ensure that public assistance payments continue uninterrupted to the 450,000 people, about one in three residents, who receive them. In 1991 Maine’s government shut down for several weeks due to a budget impasse, and lawmakers reached a deal only after furloughed state workers picketed the capitol.  ",politicsNews,"June 30, 2017 ",1
1831,1831," BREAKING: Republican Governor Arrested On Multiple Charges, GOP In CHAOS","It s the end of Alabama Governor Robert Bentley s political career after he was arrested Monday on charges related to the numerous things he did to cover up an affair. The governor was booked into Montgomery County Jail on two charges related to his failure to disclose campaign information and submitted a letter of resignation shortly afterward.The scandal began to make its way to the public when Bentley fired the head of the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency, Spencer Collier, who later revealed that he had investigated and seen evidence of an affair between the 74-year-old Bentley and his campaign spokeswoman, Rebekah Mason. This is of course odd given Bentley s opposition to gay marriage on the  one man one woman  basis, but having an affair is not illegal. Unfortunately for him, the rest of the stuff he did is. A press release from the Alabama Ethics Commission details the rest:Today, the Alabama Ethics Commission found probable cause to believe that Governor Robert Bentley committed violations of both the Alabama Ethics Act and the Fair Campaign Practices Act. We have referred those matters to the Montgomery County District Attorney for further consideration and possible prosecution.Intentional violations of the Alabama Ethics Act and the Fair Campaign Practices Act are Class B felonies. The range of punishment for a Class B felony is a prison sentence of between 2 and 20 years per violation, and a fine of up to $20,000.00, per violation. As these matters are still ongoing, the Commission is prohibited by law from any further comment regarding any of the evidence produced or presented in this case.Over the course of this year-long investigation, the Alabama Ethics Commission issued more subpoenas than have been issued by the Commission since it was given subpoena power. Chief Special Agent Tony Goubil and Special Agent Dustin Lansford devoted countless hours in conducting this investigation. They interviewed over 45 witnesses and have analyzed over 33,000 documents in the course of their investigation. The staff of the Commission has worked tirelessly and thoroughly to investigate every Complaint that we received. The evidence was reviewed and tested multiple times by career lawyers. These lawyers include Hugh Evans our General Counsel who has devoted his career to Ethics, as well as our new Assistant General Counsel, Cynthia Propst Raulston, a career prosecutor whose experience includes analyzing and successfully trying complex white collar and public corruption cases to conclusion before juries. Our Commissioners, who include two retired Circuit Judges, two career attorneys and a doctor, all of whom have vast experience sifting through evidence, judging the testimony of witnesses and applying difficult principles in a fair, even-handed manner, ultimately weighed the evidence and returned this finding.Justice (if you can call it that) moved swiftly after his arrest. Bentley copped a plea and was fined $2,000 and ordered to perform 100 hours of community service. He also agreed not to run for office again..@GovernorBentley:  I have decided it is time for me to step down as Alabama s governor   FTR #ForTheRecord @MSNBC https://t.co/AMmmRIrxBF  Greta Van Susteren (@greta) April 10, 2017This, as strange as it sounds, should strike fear in the heart of Donald Trump. As a man who regularly bullies anyone who criticizes him or correctly states inconvenient facts and as someone who has a history of firing people who were investigating him or those close to him, Bentley s arrest should be a clear message that no matter how much you abuse your power to cover up something   in Trump s case his campaign s collusion with a hostile foreign dictator   the American people won t let you get away with it.Featured image via screengrab",News,"April 10, 2017",0
38799,15297,UAE asks banks for information on 19 Saudis' accounts: sources,"ABU DHABI/DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates central bank has asked banks and finance companies in the UAE to provide information on the accounts of 19 Saudi citizens, banking sources told Reuters on Thursday. Saudi authorities have previously confirmed that almost all the 19 have been detained in a sweeping corruption investigation. One of those is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of international investment firm Kingdom Holding. The regulators  request was contained in a circular sent earlier this week and banks have responded, the sources said, adding that the banks had not been asked to freeze the accounts.  Officials at the central bank were not available to comment. Commercial bankers said they believed UAE authorities were acting at the request of Saudi authorities, but this was not confirmed. Saudi officials have said they will try to recover billions of dollars of illicit assets from dozens of senior businessmen and officials detained in the probe. Saudi Arabia has mutual legal assistance arrangements with other Gulf Arab countries that help it seek such information in criminal cases.  ",worldnews,"November 9, 2017 ",1
1908,1908, Racist NYPD Cops Threaten To Tase Black Children For Walking Down The Street (VIDEO),"Now that Donald Trump is president and Jeff Sessions is Attorney General, racist cops everywhere have free reign to abuse vulnerable groups of people at every turn. The latest incidence of said abuse was caught on tape by Brooklyn College Associate Professor of Sociology Alex S. Vitale, in which New York City police officers were seen telling a group of black students that they would use a taser on them if they didn t move away from the sidewalk. This is a definite abuse of authority, as the NYPD s official rules state that tasers are not to be used on minors.When the children were slow to move away from the sidewalk at the intersection of Bedford and Campus Avenue, one of the officers said, What are you going to do about it?  This apparently implies that the cops don t care about the children s rights, and would do as they please. A short time later, one cop asks the kids,  do you want to ride the lightning?  This appears to be slang for the use of a taser.Professor Vitale acknowledges that the actions of the officers on the video  seem [s] like an abuse of authority. Well, it certainly was abusive. Those children were not doing anything wrong. These cops are just looking to hurt black children because they can. They should be fired and charged with criminal offenses. Luckily, the kids involved in this incident weren t harmed, but, so many times, kids have wound up hurt or dead because racist, power-abusing cops decided to hurt them.The NYPD says that the actions of the officers on the tape are going to be investigated internally. Of course, that means nothing, because they are investigating themselves. They ll surely find that they have done nothing wrong, even though there is every indication, when one views that tape, that they ve done EVERYTHING wrong.Welcome to  community policing  in the age of Trump.Watch the disturbing video below:",News,"April 3, 2017",0
12669,12669,CATHOLIC PRIEST GOES OFF On Partial-Birth Abortion Hillary For Faking Endorsement From Pope Francis [VIDEO],"Father Gerald Murphy goes off on Hillary Clinton following her speech at the Al Smith elite charity dinner last night in New York, where Hillary used a quote of the Pope s as a way to fake his endorsement of her. Given what her staff said about Catholic faith about an attempt to subvert it, there should have been a statement right at the start saying, I disown everything that was written in those emails. Donald Trump has said quite clearly he s pro-life, Catholics are quite heartened by that. I wish Hillary Clinton would change her position. But at least don t try and pretend that the Pope is endorsing her by quoting him selectively. Thank you, Father! Father Gerald Murray goes off on @HillaryClinton who refused to apologize to Catholics & supports partial birth abortion! pic.twitter.com/cLvJxlwo6p  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) October 21, 2016",politics,"Oct 21, 2016",0
41462,17960,Ethnic land dispute forces thousands to flee in Ivory Coast cocoa belt,"GUIGLO, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - An ethnic-fueled land dispute has driven thousands of farmers off illegal plantations in Ivory Coast s main cocoa belt, threatening the start of the harvest in the world s top producer. Humanitarian workers and local government officials said at least 3,000 people had already been displaced by the violence, after the government said last week that two people had been killed in clashes and soldiers had been sent to the area. Ivory Coast s main production area has for decades been subject to explosive disputes over land ownership between native groups in the area and migrants from neighboring countries and other parts of Ivory Coast. The latest dispute broke out last month between members of the We alliance from the Guere, Yacouba and Wobe ethnic groups, who entered the Cavally and Gouin-Debe forest reserves in western Ivory Coast and threatened ethnic Baoules and migrants from Burkina Faso farming there.  They threatened to kill us if we didn t leave the village within 10 minutes,  said Gouin-Debe cocoa farmer Pierre Koffi Kouame.  There are around 30 small villages in the area where we live and all of them were visited by these youths.  We don t do anyone any harm. We just grow cocoa,  he said. The 2017/18 cocoa season in Ivory Coast began on Oct. 1 following a record harvest of over 2 million tonnes last season. Most growing areas will hit peak production within the next three months.   The cocoa is already there and many pods are ripe and should have already been harvested last week,  said Sylvain Kouadio, who fled his plantation near the town of Blolequin late last month.   If nothing is done, the cocoa is going to rot. It must not stay on the trees too long.  The Ivorian Parks and Reserves Office (OIPR), which manages protected land, estimates that up to 40 percent of Ivorian cocoa production comes from illegal plantations. Cocoa farmers have illegally set up plantations within Ivory Coast s national parks and forest reserves for decades, but the phenomenon accelerated during and after a decade-long political crisis and civil war, which ended in 2011.  Tensions over land ownership were a major factor contributing to the political crisis, and western cocoa growing areas saw some of the worst violence during two civil wars in 2002-2003 and 2011.     A Reuters reporter saw hundreds of families, recently pushed out of the forests, camped out on the premises of a local government building in the town of Guiglo, seeking to shelter their children and meager belongings from the rain.  A local government official said those displaced from the forests typically stay for three or four days while they look for a new place to live.  All we want is to take back our land from the outsiders who have occupied it for years,  said Rigobert Toualy, a member of the We alliance in Guiglo. ",worldnews,"October 9, 2017 ",1
35576,12074,U.N. to vote Monday on call for U.S. Jerusalem decision to be withdrawn,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council is due to vote on Monday on a draft resolution calling for the withdrawal of U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, diplomats said, a move likely to face a Washington veto. The one-page Egyptian-drafted text, seen by Reuters, does not specifically mention the United States or Trump. Diplomats say it has broad support among the 15-member council, and while it is unlikely to be adopted, the vote will further isolate Trump on the issue.  To pass, a resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, France, Britain, Russia or China. Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has praised Trump s decision as  the just and right thing to do.  The U.S. mission to the United Nations was not immediately available to comment on Sunday.  Arab foreign ministers agreed to seek a U.N. Security Council resolution on the issue. The draft U.N. text expresses  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.   It  affirms that any decisions and actions which purport to have altered, the character, status or demographic composition of the Holy City of Jerusalem have no legal effect, are null and void and must be rescinded in compliance with relevant resolutions of the Security Council.  The draft also calls upon all countries to refrain from establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem. Israel considers the city its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there.   No vote or debate will change the clear reality that Jerusalem  is the capital of Israel, Danny Danon, Israel s ambassador to the United Nations, said in a statement on Saturday.      Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.     The draft council resolution  demands that all states comply with Security Council resolutions regarding the Holy City of Jerusalem, and not to recognize any actions or measures contrary to those resolutions.  A U.N. Security Council resolution adopted in December 2016  underlines that it will not recognize any changes to the 4 June 1967 lines, including with regard to Jerusalem, other than those agreed by the parties through negotiations.  That resolution was approved with 14 votes in favor and an abstention by former U.S. President Barack Obama s administration, which defied heavy pressure from longtime ally Israel and Trump, who was then president-elect, for Washington to wield its veto. ",worldnews,"December 17, 2017 ",1
37987,14485,Zimbabwe's ruling party to hold rally as anti-Mugabe tide rises,"HARARE (Reuters) - President Robert Mugabe s own ruling ZANU-PF party wants him to step down and plans to hold a rally in Zimbabwe s capital Harare on Saturday to make the point. Mugabe, at Zimbabwe s helm since independence from Britain in 1980, faces the starkest challenge ever to his rule after the army seized power on Wednesday, saying it was targeting  criminals  around the nonagenarian leader. ZANU-PF called on Friday for Mugabe to resign, the main state newspaper The Herald reported, a clear sign that the aging leader s authority has collapsed after the army takeover. The newspaper said that ZANU-PF branches in all 10 provinces had met and had also called for Mugabe s wife Grace, whose ambitions to succeed her husband triggered the political crisis, to resign from the party.  A senior member of ZANU-PF earlier told Reuters the party wanted their long-time president gone.   If he becomes stubborn, we will arrange for him to be fired on Sunday,  the source said.  When that is done, it s impeachment on Tuesday.   The Herald reported that ZANU-PF would convene a special Central Committee meeting on Sunday to  realign the revolutionary party with current political developments . Pointedly, the military said it  fully supports  a  solidarity march  - apparently separate from the ZANU-PF event - in Harare on Saturday, part of an apparent groundswell of anti-Mugabe sentiment unleashed by the dramatic events of the past few days. The army said it had been  approached by several private volunteer organizations seeking to freely move and express their desires  and they could do so if they were orderly and peaceful.    Harare has been calm as the coup has unfolded but the armed forces also said in a statement that  people have been warned against looting .  The army appears to want Mugabe to go quietly and allow a transition to Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking last week as vice president sparked the army action. A goal of the generals is to prevent Mugabe handing power to his wife, Grace, 41 years his junior, who appeared on the cusp of power after Mnangagwa was pushed out. Mugabe, 93, who calls himself the grand old man of African politics, looks to be running out of options. The army is camped on his doorstep. Grace Mugabe is under house arrest and her key political allies are in military custody.  All the main pillars of Mugabe s rule have turned on him or have offered no support.  The police have shown no resistance, while Chris Mutsvangwa, the leader of Zimbabwe s influential war veterans, said on Friday that Mugabe would not be allowed to resist the military and remain in power. And ZANU-PF, which built a cult of personality around its leader, has now deserted him. Mugabe is revered by some as an elder statesman and independence leader but also reviled by many in Africa and abroad who accuse him of resorting to violence to retain power while running a once promising economy into the ground. The economy collapsed after the seizure of white-owned farms in 2000. Unemployment is now running at nearly 90 percent and chronic shortages of hard currency have triggered inflation, with the prices of imports rising as much as 50 percent a month. ",worldnews,"November 18, 2017 ",1
42671,19169,Germany's Syrian refugees celebrate Merkel win but fear rise of far-right,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Syrian refugees rejoiced on Sunday at the news that Angela Merkel had secured a fourth term as German chancellor, but said they were alarmed by the rise of the far-right AfD party, which they feared could push her to tighten asylum rules.  We prayed that Merkel would win,  said Fatima al-Haidar, a mother of two from Damascus.  Allah answered our prayers. To us she represents wisdom and humanity.  While Merkel s conservative bloc won most seats in parliament, the result was its worst since 1949 as voters turned en masse to smaller parties. The conservatives bled support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), which entered parliament for the first time as the third-biggest party, cashing in on anger at Merkel s decision to welcome more than 1.3 million refugees.  Merkel put her career on the line to help us,  said Haidar s 55-year-old husband Ayman.  We want to learn German and contribute to the success of this country through work, simply to prove that she was right and her opponents were wrong.  Fatima and Ayman found out the election results from their 14-year-old son Zayd, who tuned in to the public broadcaster ZDF on his mobile phone to break the news to his parents and their friends as exit polls came in.  When Zayd told us Merkel had won we did a zalghouta,  said Roula Mohammad, referring to a tongue trill that Arab women perform during weddings.  We need a wise woman like her in Syria to end the war.  The Syrian refugees were having dinner at Al Dimashqi, a popular Arab restaurant on Sonnenallee, a long boulevard in Berlin s poor neighborhood of Neukoelln that refugees call  Arab Street  for its abundance of Arabic shop signs. The AfD s campaign appealed unashamedly to voters who feel that the influx of mainly Muslim migrants will undermine German culture, asserting that Islamic customs have no place in Germany. Merkel s conservatives and their Social Democrat coalition partners in the outgoing government quietly introduced stricter asylum rules last year after losing support to the AfD in regional elections. Refugees fear that the AfD s stunning showing of more than 13 percent of the vote on Sunday could spell even tougher immigration rules under the next Merkel-led government.  She is less popular because of us,  said Nabil Zainaldin, 32, from Aleppo.  We totally understand that Germans are worried. All we can do to reassure them is to be law-abiding citizens. But we are also worried: what will the asylum policy of the new government be?  ",worldnews,"September 24, 2017 ",1
42321,18819,Zimbabwe's Mugabe likens rivals to Judas for seeking his retirement,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe on Thursday accused unnamed officials of his own party of trying to push him into retiring and likened them to the biblical betrayer Judas. The 93-year-old Mugabe, one of the world s oldest leaders, has been in power since Zimbabwe, then called Rhodesia, gained independence from Britain in 1980. He intends to seek another five-year term at elections due next year. In public, his party, ZANU-PF, has rallied behind its aging leader. But in private its members are deeply divided over his continued leadership and who will eventually take over from him. Mugabe, who has repeatedly said his party will choose his successor when the time comes, said he was going nowhere and accused some party officials of supporting him during the day while plotting against him behind his back.  Others are like those that Jesus spoke about during his last supper, when he said  some of you eating with me here shall betray me . The Judas Iscariot. They are here among us,  Mugabe said during the burial of a party member.  They want to cause leadership change ... for the president to step down. I did not grab power. I was chosen by the people. It s the people s throne, so I don t want with it,  he said to loud cheers from some party members. ZANU-PF is divided into two factions. One backs Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa to immediately succeed Mugabe. Another is rallying behind Mugabe s wife, Grace, and also want the aging ruler to be president for life.  When the day comes I will say thank you to my Zimbabwean family and I will step down so you can choose my successor. But for now I am the one in charge,  Mugabe said. The southern African nation is gripped by a shortage of foreign exchange that has forced some businesses to buy U.S. dollars on the black market, a situation blamed for a recent spike in prices and shortages of some basic goods. But Mugabe, without giving evidence, accused some people of manipulating the currency to  trigger inflation and cause panic buying.  ",worldnews,"September 28, 2017 ",1
41409,17907,"UNHCR on 'full alert' as 11,000 Rohingya flee in a day","GENEVA (Reuters) - Bangladesh border guards reported more than 11,000 Rohingya refugees crossing into their country from Myanmar on Monday, in a sudden surge, the United Nations refugee agency said.  More than half a million Rohingya have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25 after insurgent attacks on security forces triggered a violent government crackdown, but the rate had slowed to about 2,000 refugees per day last week, aid agencies say.  We re back in a situation of full alert as far as influxes are concerned. It is a big increase to see 11,000,  Adrian Edwards, spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), told a news briefing in Geneva on Tuesday.  We have had big numbers coming across by the day over the six weeks of this emergency. So we are back up to approaching some of those peak arrivals. Clearly we have to be prepared for more arrivals,  he said. Many of the refugees are reported to come from the Buthidaung area in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state, which is  20-25 kilometers east of Maungdaw.  Some said they had fled torching and killings back home; one boy was seen with a big gash across his neck,  Edwards said.   We don t know at the moment what is driving this,  he added.  Some of these people have fled their homes several days ago and in some cases two weeks ago, so they moved toward the border before coming across.  There are also indications of more recent problems.  As you may have seen from media reports which I can t verify, but there are reports about fires being seen close to the border (and) other problems there,  Edwards said. Meanwhile, a massive cholera immunization campaign began on Tuesday near Cox s Bazar, Bangladesh, aimed at protecting newly-arrived Rohingya and host communities from the disease which can be deadly, the World Health Organization (WHO) said. Some 900,000 oral vaccine doses will be distributed, including 650,000 in an initial 10-day campaign to be followed by a second round from Oct. 31 targeting 250,000 children between one and five years old, the agency said. There is a  clear and present risk  of the spread of cholera among the population.  Luckily, we don t have any confirmed cases of cholera so far,  WHO spokesman Christian Lindmeier said. ",worldnews,"October 10, 2017 ",1
12800,12800,FLASHBACK! BILL CLINTON: “I did not have sexual relations with that woman” [VIDEO], ,politics,"Oct 8, 2016",0
33995,10493,Republican Carson officially ends White House bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson officially ended his bid for the White House on Friday after failing to win any of the early states in the race for the November election. “There are a lot of people who love me, they just won’t vote for me,” Carson said in a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference. Carson had announced on Wednesday he did not see a “political path forward” in his campaign for the party’s nomination, and had not attended the Republican debate in Michigan on Thursday.  (Reporting by Megan Cassella and Emily Flitter; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",politicsNews,"March 4, 2016 ",1
4501,4501, U.N. Report: Police Killings Of Black Men In U.S. Is ‘Human Rights Crisis’ Reminiscent Of Lynching,"The epidemic of black men being killed at the hands of police officers in America has not gone unnoticed on the international stage. According to aAccording to a report by a United Nations working group, which will be debated at the U.N. Human Rights Council on Monday, this situation constitutes a full-blown  human rights crisis  that is reminiscent of the days of lynchings. Contemporary police killings and the trauma that they create are reminiscent of the past racial terror of lynching,  said the report by the U.N. Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent.The U.N. report draws a stark comparison between modern day fatal shootings at the hands of law enforcement and the lynchings of blacks that swept the nation in the 19th and 20th centuries. The report comes as racial tensions in America have boiled over yet again in the wake of more deadly shootings that have rocked the country.Historically, the majority of African Americans killed in lynchings were hanged. The Equal Justice Initiative released a report in 2015 which said that between 1877 and 1950, an estimated 3,959 black people were murdered in  racial terror lynchings  throughout the country s southern states.The U.N. report follows a January visit to the U.S. by a five-member group, which was chaired by Filipino law professor Ricardo A. Sunga III. The group says that despite efforts at reform, they still remain extremely concerned  about the  human rights crisis  facing blacks living in the U.S., and this is especially true considering protesters are once again flooding the streets of American cities to protest the killings of still more black men in recent days. In particular, the legacy of colonial history, enslavement, racial subordination and segregation, racial terrorism and racial inequality in the United States remains a serious challenge, as there has been no real commitment to reparations and to truth and reconciliation for people of African descent. Impunity for State violence has resulted in the current human rights crisis and must be addressed as a matter of urgency. The experts  group pointed out that these killings go unpunished because the investigation is biased and tainted from the beginning since police departments are investigating their own. Adding to this is the fact that prosecutors have discretion when it comes to presenting charges and U.S. law enforcement officers are not held to international standards for use of force.To address the situation, they recommended that the U.S. institute a system to reliably track police killings nationwide and instances of excessive use of force. They also said that racial profiling must be brought to an end, which is  a rampant practice and seriously damages the trust between African-Americans and law enforcement officials. The group also said that improving race relations will also require education that must be  accompanied by acts of reconciliation  in order to successfully overcome the bigotry that plagues the U.S. and the past injustices that have been perpetrated against black people on American soil. The report added that the lasting negative effects caused by enslavement and racial injustice must be recognized by both federal and state laws.Featured image via video screen captures",News,"September 23, 2016",0
21960,21960,Man Yells ‘CNN is Fake News!’ During Live NYC Broadcast,"21st Century Wire says It s no wonder that when the CNN news crew ventures out from beyond their cozy, Orwellian studio construct these moments of public ridicule and disdain tend to happen.The media interloper in the video frame was attempting to disrupt CNN s live broadcast from the streets of Lower Manhattan, near the scene of Tuesday s deadly truck attack.The street panel included CNN host Anderson Cooper and guest Michael Weiss, one of the network s terrorism  experts  and global regime change mascots. He s also a recent nominee of the 2017 Horace Greeley Award for Best Fake News Journalist.CNN can t seem to get it together when they go on-location for these breaking news stories, and it usually ends up looking bad for them time and again.WATCH: READ MORE ABOUT CNN FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",US_News,"November 1, 2017",0
21429,21429,"BOYCOTT! Pro-Gun Control Seth (Racist) Rogen, Star Of Newly Released “Steve Jobs” Movie Sends Vulgar Tweet: “F*ck You Ben Carson”","If you only attack black conservatives, does that make you exempt from being called a  racist? When will Americans stop supporting foreigners like Josh Rogen who openly spout off about about their disdain for conservatives while advocating for gun control in our country?On the eve of the release of Universal s  Steve Jobs,  star Seth Rogen fired off a hate-tweet at black Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson.  Fuck you @realBenCarson,  the tweet said. In another tweet, Rogen, a high-profile Hillary Clinton supporter (and Canadian citizen), expressed his anger over comments Carson made about gun control and Nazi Germany.Carson believes Jews might have had a better chance at resisting the Nazi regime had they not been disarmed by that regime in advance. Rogen, who is Jewish, and much of the national media are horrified over the idea of Jews with guns fighting Nazis, something Jews did frequently throughout WWII with scrounged guns.Whether it is kids in classrooms or Jews in Nazi Germany, Carson proved this week that if you want to enrage a Leftist, suggest that they might have been better off had they been in a position to fight back.The social media backlash against both Rogen and his upcoming film was immediate, and some 12 hours later, even though it is very early in the morning, is still intense.Here is Rogan s vulgar tweet:A search of tweets containing only Seth Rogen s names finds that almost all of them are critical of the comedian s attack on Carson, many accusing Rogen of outright racism. The venomous, dehumanizing attacks black conservatives face from leftists like Rogen have been well-documented going back to Clarence Thomas. Via: Breitbart News",left-news,"Oct 10, 2015",0
32430,8928,U.S. Senate aims to vote later Wednesday on Puerto Rico bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate is aiming to finish its work and vote later on Wednesday on final passage of a relief plan to help Puerto Rico address its $70 billion debt, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said. The bill cleared a critical procedural hurdle in the Senate on Wednesday morning, and has already passed the House of Representatives. Supporters want to send it to President Barack Obama to sign into law by Friday, when Puerto Rico faces a potential default on a chunk of its debt if it cannot make a $1.9 billion payment. ",politicsNews,"June 29, 2016 ",1
39680,16178,"Merkel, party leaders meet to rev up German coalition talks: media","BERLIN (Reuters) - Key allies of Chancellor Angela Merkel on Sunday downplayed reports about a crisis among parties in a potential coalition government, saying it was important to work out differences and reach a sustainable agreement. Merkel was due to meet with leaders of the other parties on Sunday to smooth the waters after last week s exploratory talks ran into trouble over immigration and climate policy. The chancellor, whose conservative alliance came first but lost seats in the Sept. 24 national election, is trying to forge a three-way coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmental Greens that is untested at a national level. Bild am Sonntag newspaper said Merkel would try to  rescue  the talks by meeting with Horst Seehofer, who heads the conservative Bavarian CSU party, two officials from the Greens and FDP leader Christian Lindner at an undisclosed location. Volker Kauder, parliamentary leader of the conservatives, told broadcaster ZDF that such meetings were not unusual, even once a coalition had been formed. He said it was important to demonstrate that the mainstream parties could govern, a clear nod to the protest votes that propelled the far-right Alternative for Germany party into parliament for the first time.  It s about more than the individual party positions, it s about building trust in the ability of the democratic parties to take action,  Kauder said. Peter Altmaier, Merkel s chief of staff, told broadcaster ARD a coalition deal looked more promising now than weeks ago, but it could take time to work out solutions on climate and immigration that would stand the test of time.  We need a result that is in the interest of the country and that will last for four years,  he said. The exploratory talks are due to continue Monday after the three sides failed to reach agreement on immigration and climate issues during an 11-hour session on Thursday. The possible coalition partners remain at odds over how to meet carbon dioxide emission targets and capping migration. Many conservatives want to take a harder line on immigration, blaming their election setback on Merkel s decision to allow in more than a million migrants in 2015 and 2016. They want to limit refugee numbers, but the Greens reject such a cap. Other issues such as pensions and labor regulations - which could be on the agenda on Monday - appear less contentious. The three blocs are also nearing agreement on the issue of legalizing marijuana through pharmacies or other licensed distributors, the Stuttgarter Zeitung newspaper reported. Alexander Lambsdorff, deputy leader of the FDP parliamentary group, said the FDP and Greens had  no choice but to talk to each other  given the current political circumstances. The Social Democrats, junior partner to the conservatives over the last four years, have vowed to stay in opposition. ",worldnews,"October 29, 2017 ",1
39180,15678,Saudi detains four current ministers in anti-corruption campaign,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has detained four current ministers as part of its anti-corruption campaign, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya TV reported on Sunday.  Arabiya said the number of detained princes had climbed to 11. It reported earlier that 10 princes and dozens of former ministers had been detained through a new anti-corruption committee, headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, which was formed by royal decree on Saturday. ",worldnews,"November 4, 2017 ",1
3029,3029, FEC Finds NUMEROUS Election Law Violations In Trump Camp Filings – Could Cost Trump MILLIONS,"The Federal Election Commission has issued a 250-page report on Trump s campaign that appears to contain a number of campaign finance violations in the form of excessive and prohibited contributions. Why does this matter now that all is said and done? From page 2 of the FEC s letter: If you have received prohibited contributions, you must make a refund. (11 CFR   103.3 (b)(1)) The refund must be made within 30 days of the treasurer becoming aware of the illegality of the contribution. (11 CFR   103.3(b)(2)) That notice is all over the initial letter, before they get into each and every single donation that might be in violation of election law.Among the violations are anonymous contributions in excess of $50, contributions from unregistered organizations, contributions from prohibited corporations, LLCs and labor organizations, and contributions that exceed federal campaign finance limits. All told, Trump s campaign appears to have received illegal donations from 65 companies, and excessive donations from hundreds of individual donors.Now, as Christina Wilkie points out on Twitter, it s not unusual for the FEC to send letters to campaigns after the election is over that seek clarification on things. However, Wilkie also tweeted:Important note: Most campaigns get a letter asking for clarifications. But they re usually around 15-20 pages. I ve never seen 250 pages. https://t.co/vu0OCOXWTx  Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) January 13, 2017.@FEC says Trump campaign took illegal donations from more than 50 LLCs and corps. Clinton didn t have any of these. https://t.co/oQ1jS9uDIm pic.twitter.com/e8Ziuzsbih  Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) January 13, 2017Like Trump himself, his campaign couldn t be bothered to actually figure out what the rules were and abide by them. The money was rolling in and they didn t really seem to care, or, if they did, they were extremely sloppy about trying to stay within the law. Even after subtracting allowable donations from what s listed, Trump could owe well more than $2 million in refunds.The FEC can take enforcement action against the Trump campaign if they don t bring themselves into compliance, including issuing refund checks to everyone from whom they illegally accepted money.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",News,"January 13, 2017",0
34654,11152,Nominee for U.S. Army secretary warns about impact of further troop cuts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The nominee to be the next U.S. Army secretary told lawmakers on Thursday that cutting the size of the force had increased the risk to American security and that further reductions would require a rethinking of the Army’s role and priorities. Eric Fanning, a longtime senior defense official who would be the first openly gay military service secretary, told his confirmation hearing that reducing the Army to 450,000 troops by 2018 from about 490,000 currently, was manageable but would increase the risk to national security. The Pentagon is in the process of cutting almost $1 trillion in projected defense spending over a decade under a 2011 deal approved by the White House and Congress. Cutting the active-duty Army to 420,000 soldiers, which could be required if the spending cuts are not reversed, “would require a whole new set of assumptions and guidance on what the Army is supposed to do and what its priorities should be,” said Fanning, who would replace Army Secretary John McHugh, who stepped down several months ago. Republican presidential candidates have blasted the cuts, promising more military spending to confront international threats including Islamic State. Fanning would bring unique experience to the job because he has served at senior levels in all three branches of the U.S. armed forces, including stints as acting Air Force secretary and acting Army secretary. Members of the Senate Armed Services Committee were largely positive about Fanning’s nomination, although the panel waited several months to take it up, leading the administration to name him acting Army secretary. That prompted Republican Senator John McCain, chairman of the committee, to write a letter to the White House in November charging Fanning’s appointment as acting secretary was a violation of a law barring nominees from taking steps that presume they will be confirmed. While the White House disagreed, Fanning stepped down in deference to McCain’s concerns and has since been preparing for the confirmation hearing. Advocacy groups said Fanning’s nomination was a significant sign of progress in protecting the rights of gays and lesbians to serve in the world’s most powerful military. For many years, the U.S. military followed a “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy that allowed gays to serve only if they did not disclose their sexual orientation. It abolished that policy in 2011. ",politicsNews,"January 21, 2016 ",1
2195,2195, Top Intelligence Committee Member: ‘No Evidence’ To Back Up Trump’s Bogus Wiretap Claims,"FBI Director James Comey met with the House Intelligence Committee on Thursday to discuss Donald Trump s claim that former President Obama had his  wires tapped  at Trump Tower during the election. A day later, the top Democrat on the intelligence committee said that he hasn t seen one shred of evidence to back up Trump s bogus claim.Rep. Adam Schiff is a member of what is known as the  Gang of Eight,  which is the group of House members who are privy to the most classified information out there. Schiff said that Thursday s meeting with Comey didn t provide the committee with any evidence whatsoever that Trump s phones had been tapped by Obama or anyone else. I think when Sean Spicer isn t even willing to talk about it, you know there s a real problem,  Schiff told CNN.Rep. Devin Nunes, who is the Republican heading up the intelligence committee, said earlier this week that he hadn t seen any evidence to support Trump s wiretapping claims either. After meeting with Comey, he said that nothing had changed.Comey has said previously that Trump is full of it when it comes to the allegations of his phones being tapped. Schiff thinks Comey will answer questions regarding this fiasco during a committee hearing scheduled for later this month. He certainly is prepared for the question,  Schiff told CNN.  I don t see any reason why he wouldn t answer it. He might even welcome the opportunity. Trump decided last weekend that he would get on Twitter and accuse Obama of tapping the phones at Trump Tower, even if he had no evidence to back up this allegation.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"March 11, 2017",0
2261,2261," In One GLORIOUS Move, CNN REFUSES To Bow Down To Trump; He Will Be LIVID (VIDEO)","If there s one thing Donald Trump wants, it s positive press about himself and everything that he is doing. Clearly knowing that his new travel ban Executive Order wasn t going to shine him in the best light, or he was simply afraid of reporters asking him questions he d be forced to give an answer to, Trump didn t allow the press into the Oval Office for the signing. The White House did, however, offer a photo of the signing, but CNN refuses to show it.CNN s John King explains why they won t show the image of Trump holding the Executive Order: We won t show you the picture of the president signing the executive order that s incredibly important to his administration, it s a very important policy debate in our country   we will not show you the picture because we have a policy that you cannot have canned press release pictures from a White House. You have to let the reporters in. The president is a big boy. He doesn t have to answer questions if they re shouted at him, but they wouldn t let anyone in because of the other issue  that is the president saying he believes his predecessor someone wire tapped him during last year s campaign. Hopefully, all news media outlets do the same.Trump will undoubtedly be upset by this, but honestly   too bad. He needs to own what he s doing, answer questions about it, and be an actual leader. Not the elusive dictator he s appearing to become more and more each day.Watch here:Featured Photo by Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images   HT Raw Story",News,"March 6, 2017",0
28252,4750,Nunes apologized to Democrats after surveillance comments: aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee apologized to Democratic members of the panel for going public and to the White House before briefing them about information he said he obtained about surveillance of President Donald Trump’s team, a committee aide said on Thursday. Committee chairman Representative Devin Nunes also promised to work with the panel’s Democrats and share information with them, the aide said, a day after committee Democrats said Nunes’ actions raised questions about the panel’s ability to credibly investigate potential ties between Trump associates and Russia. Nunes surprised and angered committee Democrats and some of his fellow Republicans on Wednesday with a surprise announcement that some private communications by Trump and members of his team may have been swept up by U.S. intelligence as they monitored foreign targets. ",politicsNews,"March 23, 2017 ",1
10742,10742,PRESIDENT TRUMP Just Responded Directly to #KathyGriffin on ‘Beheaded Trump’ Photo,"President Trump just let comic Kathy Griffin know that she  should be ashamed of herself  for the photo holding a head resembling Trump s. He added that the photo had upset Barron, his 11-year old son. Can you imagine?Griffin  posed with a  beheaded Trump  in a  classless attempt to be edgy. TMZ published a preview of the photo shoot with a video of Griffin holding the  beheaded Trump . Social media immediately exploded with negative comments from both sides of the aisle.Griffin apologized for the photo but did not apologize to President Trump. Here s her lame attempt at an apology:I am sorry. I went too far. I was wrong. pic.twitter.com/LBKvqf9xFB  Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017Griffin apologized but NOT to President Trump and his family:  I m a comic. I cross the line. I move the line, then I cross it. I went way too far. The image is too disturbing. I understand how it offends people. It wasn t funny. I get it. I ask your forgiveness. In case you haven t seen the photo: Yes, it s disgusting and horrifying! Lame!",politics,"May 31, 2017",0
15999,15999,HOW MUSLIM IT WORKERS FOR Democrats Sold US Intel to Foreign Agents [Video],"Judge Napolitano had this to say about the DNC s Muslim IT worker:  He was arrested for some financial crime. That s the tip of the iceberg. The real crime against him was that he had contact, he had access to emails of every member of Congress and he sold what he found in there. What did he sell and to whom did he sell it. That s what the FBI wants to know. This may be a very, very serious national security investigation. We ve been reporting this scandal for months but it s just now heating up. The most of the main stream media has been silent on this serious national security breach within the DNC. The FBI is investigating who was given top secret information by the DNC IT workers who had email access to everyone in Congress!The puzzling part of this entire scandal is that the payment was outrageous! Over $4 million was given to this family and associates!THE DAILY CALLER REPORTED ON THIS BREACH OF SECURITY WAY BACK IN FEBRUARY WHEN THE BROTHERS WERE FIRED:Three brothers who managed office information technology for members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and other lawmakers were abruptly relieved of their duties on suspicion that they accessed congressional computers without permission.Brothers Abid, Imran, and Jamal Awan were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives Thursday, The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group has learned.Three members of the intelligence panel and five members of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs were among the dozens of members who employed the suspects on a shared basis. The two committees deal with many of the nation s most sensitive issues and documents, including those related to the war on terrorism.Also among those whose computer systems may have been compromised is Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Florida Democrat who was previously the target of a disastrous email hack when she served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 campaign.The brothers are suspected of serious violations, including accessing members  computer networks without their knowledge and stealing equipment from Congress.Jamal handled IT for Rep. Joaquin Castro, a Texas Democrat who serves on both the intelligence and foreign affairs panels. As of 2/2, his employment with our office has been terminated,  Castro spokeswoman Erin Hatch told TheDCNF Friday.Jamal also worked for Louisiana Democrat Rep. Cedric Richmond, who is on the Committee on Homeland Security.Imran worked for Reps. Andre Carson, an Indiana Democrat, and Jackie Speier, a California Democrat. Both are members of the intelligence committee, and their spokesmen did not respond to TheDCNF s requests for comment. Imran also worked for the House office of Wasserman Schultz.Then-Rep. Tammy Duckworth, an Illinois Democrat, employed Abid for IT work in 2016. She was a member of House committees dealing with the armed services, oversight, and Benghazi. Duckworth was elected to the Senate in November, 2016. Abid has a prior criminal record and a bankruptcy.Read more: Daily Caller",Government News,"Aug 1, 2017",0
9191,9191,JUST IN: TRUMP Will Remove “Climate Change” From List Of National Security Threats,"Thank goodness we finally have a President who refuses to dump our taxpayer funds into climate scam that our former President actually identified as a national security threat According to The Federalist, The Trump administration will reverse course from previous Obama administration policy, eliminating climate change from a list of national security threats. The National Security Strategy to be released on Monday will emphasize the importance of balancing energy security with economic development and environmental protection, according to a source who has seen the document and shared excerpts of a late draft. Climate policies will continue to shape the global energy system,  a draft of the National Security Strategy slated to be released on Monday said.  U.S. leadership is indispensable to countering an anti-growth, energy agenda that is detrimental to U.S. economic and energy security interests. Given future global energy demand, much of the developing world will require fossil fuels, as well as other forms of energy, to power their economies and lift their people out of poverty. During his successful campaign, Trump mocked Obama s placement of climate change in the context of national security. Here s a sample of his approach from a campaign speech in Hilton Head, South Carolina, in late 2015:So Obama s always talking about the global warming, that global warming is our biggest and most dangerous problem, OK? No, no, think of it. I mean, even if you re a believer in global warming, ISIS is a big problem, Russia s a problem, China s a problem. We ve got a lot of problems. By the way, the maniac in North Korea is a problem. He actually has nuclear weapons, right? That s a problem.We ve got a lot of problems. We ve got a lot of problems. That s right, we don t win anymore. He said we want to win. We don t win anymore. We re going to win a lot   if I get elected, we re going to win a lot. (Applause)We re going to win so much   we re going to win a lot. We re going to win a lot. We re going to win so much you re all going to get sick and tired of winning. You re going to say oh no, not again. I m only kidding. You never get tired of winning, right? Never. (Applause)But think of it. So Obama s talking about all of this with the global warming and the   a lot of it s a hoax, it s a hoax. I mean, it s a money-making industry, OK? It s a hoax, a lot of it. And look, I want clean air and I want clean water. That s my global   I want clean, clean crystal water and I want clean air. And we can do that, but we don t have to destroy our businesses, we don t have to destroy our  And by the way, China isn t abiding by anything. They re buying all of our coal; we can t use coal anymore essentially. They re buying our coal and they re using it. Now when you talk about the planet, it s so big out there   we re here, they re there, it s like they re our next door neighbor, right, in terms of the universe.The draft of the National Security Strategy makes this approach policy, emphasizing national security and economic growth over climate change.President Obama made climate change, and the burdensome regulations that accompany its focus, a primary focus of his administration, including in his National Security Strategy released in 2015.  [W]e are working toward an ambitious new global climate change agreement to shape standards for prevention, preparedness, and response over the next decade,  that report said.Watch Barack Obama explain how  climate change  is national security threat: By contrast, President Trump s National Security Strategy will focus on conventional and immediate national security risks. The draft says, in part:North Korea seeks the capability to kill millions of Americans with nuclear weapons. Iran supports terrorist groups and openly calls for our destruction. Jihadist terrorist organizations such as ISIS and al Qaeda are determined to attack the United States and radicalize Americans with their hateful ideology. States and non-state actors undermine social order with drug and human trafficking networks, which drive violent crimes and cause thousands of American deaths each year . Strengthening control over our borders and immigration system is central to national security, economic prosperity, and the rule of law. Terrorists, drug traffickers, and criminal cartels exploit porous borders and threaten U.S. security and public safety. These actors adapt quickly to outpace our defenses.As for climate change, the draft report says  The United States will remain a global leader in reducing traditional pollution, as well as greenhouse gases, while growing its economy. This achievement, which can serve as model to other countries, flows from innovation, technology breakthroughs, and energy efficiency gains  not from onerous regulation. FOX News reported on the NOAA intentional manipulation of data that was given to President Obama and other world leaders prior to the 2015 Paris Climate summit where Western nations agreed to spend billions to combat phony climate change:  ",politics,"Dec 15, 2017",0
4881,4881," Dad Of Murdered Reporter Hits Trump, GOP BEAUTIFULLY Over ‘Assault On 2nd Amendment Nonsense’","The father of a Virginia reporter who was shot to death last year, along with her cameraman, has some extremely strong words for Republicans over their refusal to do anything about gun violence. He reserved his most scathing words for Trump, though, who actively promotes the idea that the 2nd Amendment is under heavy assault and we re just a breath away from losing all our guns.Andy Parker, whose daughter, Alison Parker, was murdered by a disgruntled employee on television, made it his mission to end gun violence after her death. He rails at Republicans who are in the pockets of the all-too powerful NRA in an op-ed for the New York Daily News, which was a full-scale attack on them, and especially on Trump: Politicians like Paul Ryan, Mike McCaul and Bob Goodlatte know better. They re not knuckle-draggers waving Confederate flags at Trump rallies, but they still fall in lockstep behind their orange-faced Fuhrer who promotes this  assault on the Second Amendment  nonsense. Their bloody hands are egregiously in the pockets of the NRA and they are afraid to pull them out.  [emphasis mine] Orange-faced Fuhrer.  That s a good description. That s a fantastic description of Trump and his relationship to the GOP! Trump is not just promoting the very things that have led to increased gun violence here, he s far more likely than anybody else to become the dictator America (especially Republicans) have always feared.Parker went on to say that he d confronted Bob Goodlatte after a speech about slain police officers, in which Goodlatte never once mentioned guns, and asked him how he sleeps at night. Apparently, Goodlatte had no answer for that. Parker said,  As usual, he looked like he d swallowed a lemon. Trump and the NRA s minions in the GOP grossly insult all the victims of gun violence by fear-mongering about Democrats trying to abolish the 2nd Amendment. It s like a game to them; who can come up with the most guilt-trippy argument against sensible gun legislation? Here s what former GOP Congressman Joe Walsh did:Liberals shout  women s equality , yet they seek to strip women of their 2nd Amendment rights. #WomensEqualityDay pic.twitter.com/7vOCNocqPO  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) August 26, 2016How disgusting to use rape victims and women s equality as a rallying cry for their guns, guns, guns everywhere nonsense. But that s what the GOP and their standard-bearer, the Orange-Faced Fuhrer, do nonstop. They use victims of violence to expand the very thing that harmed them in the first place.Parker vows to continue the fight and move the needle on the national conversation about gun violence, and that means fighting against the GOP and the NRA. He had this to say in his op-ed, too: Their bloody hands are egregiously in the pockets of the NRA and they are afraid to pull them out. That is the truth.Featured image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"August 27, 2016",0
39069,15567,"'We like Paris but are a bit scared,' Chinese tourists say after muggings","PARIS (Reuters) - In tight-knit groups with their backpacks hanging in front where they can keep an eye on them, Chinese tourists walked around Paris on their guard on Monday, alarmed by a recent mugging and other attacks targeting Asian visitors.  We like Paris but we are a bit scared,  Chinese tour guide Jenny Xu said as she lead a group around the department store district hours after China s foreign ministry said France needed to step up security after a high-profile robbery.  Chinese tourists, they are afraid for their safety in Paris,  said Xu, speaking in English as she recounted some of her own clients experiences of being mugged in shops or museums.   We tell them again and again to have their bags in front of them. And I tell them not to take so much cash.   France has in the past promised to do more to protect the safety of Chinese tourists, who come to Paris in ever larger numbers and have become more of a target for the cash they often carry and the luxury goods they buy. Last week, a group of 40 Chinese tourists was tear-gassed and robbed by four men in the parking lot of their hotel near Orly airport, south of Paris. While the muggings are not good for the city s reputation, and tourism was hit hard by the Islamist attacks of 2015, Paris still attracted 16 million visitors in the first half of 2017, making it one of the most popular cities in the world.          Chang Hui Ying, a tour operator from Taiwan who leads Chinese and Taiwanese groups across Europe, said Paris was the city where she was most worried about client safety.  One hour ago, when I was leaving the Louvre museum, two girls opened my bag and I was almost robbed,  she said, adding that once a whole week s worth of wages was stolen from her bag in the French capital.   There really are a lot of thieves,  she said.  But they still want to come. We like to shop here,  she said as she led a group to a store especially dedicated to Chinese visitors which the Galeries Lafayette chain opened earlier this year.  Tourists said they were taking extra precautions.   We put a small wallet somewhere and more money deeper inside (our bag), and the bag always in front,  said Chang Hui-Neng, speaking English with the help of her guide.  A group of hoteliers deplored last week s mugging and called for more protection.  More needs to be done to avoid such tragic events that have a lot of impact on Paris  image and that of France as a tourism destination,  UMIH said in a statement. With no backpack or shopping bags that would mark her as a tourist, 23-year-old Chinese student Wang Xi Qing, who has been living in France for 18 months, said she knew here way around and felt comfortable. But she said she tells friends who visit to be careful, especially since one of them got mugged in Notre Dame cathedral.  It s important to be aware,  she said. ",worldnews,"November 6, 2017 ",1
40605,17103,UK lawmakers vent anger at PM May's fragile government over welfare reform,"LONDON (Reuters) - Lawmakers from Britain s ruling Conservative Party vented their anger on Wednesday against Prime Minister Theresa May s pursuit of welfare reforms, reinforcing doubts about her authority over a party divided by Brexit.  Several members of May s party spoke out against the government during a symbolic debate in parliament by demanding changes or even an outright halt to the implementation of a new welfare payment system which has been dogged by design problems. May leads a minority government, propped up by a small Northern Irish party, faced with the task of delivering a smooth departure from the European Union - something which requires a deeply split parliament to approve large amounts of new legislation. The opposition Labour Party won a symbolic vote on a motion calling for the welfare plan to be paused, but May s party avoided a full blown public rebellion by ordering its lawmakers to abstain, thereby masking the extent of internal unrest.  The Labour motion passed by 299 votes to zero with one Conservative rebel, but does not force the government to act.    Nevertheless, Conservative lawmakers openly criticized the government s approach and demanded changes during the debate  Why are we undermining a policy with the potential to change lives for the better by not addressing a fundamental flaw at its heart?  said Sarah Wollaston, the only Conservative lawmaker to formally vote against the government s orders. The defeat comes as ahead of debates on Brexit legislation, which had been expected to start this week but have yet to be scheduled. Ministers are sifting through hundreds of proposed changes, some of which are backed by enough Conservative lawmakers to inflict a more damaging defeat on May s government.  Labour, which wants to topple May s government and take control of the troubled Brexit process, had urged Conservative lawmakers to rebel on the welfare vote and later called the tactical abstention a sign of the government s weakness.  Yet again the prime minister and the Tories (Conservatives) cannot command a majority in the House of Commons. The prime minister is in office but not in power,  said Labour s welfare spokeswoman Debbie Abrahams after the vote. Welfare minister David Gauke accused the Labour Party of trying to wreck the reforms and vowed to listen to lawmakers  concerns but proceed with the policy. The welfare reform, known as  Universal Credit , is designed to simplify payments to claimants by consolidating six different types of state benefits into one.  The policy was first implemented for a small number of claimants in 2013 under May s predecessor David Cameron, but the expansion of the program to more people has been beset by long delays and criticism that it risks harming vulnerable citizens. The government is pressing ahead with the latest phase of the program despite concerns voiced by lawmakers from all parties that claimants must wait six weeks for payment. The government says they have taken measures to stop this happening. ",worldnews,"October 18, 2017 ",1
22944,22944,Boiler Room #103 – Smoking Gunz,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, Funk Soul, Randy J, Stewart Howe (ACR/21WIRE contributors) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Listen to  Boiler Room #103   Smoking Gunz  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #103Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",Middle-east,"March 30, 2017",0
16589,16589,MUSLIM OFFICIAL Stands By Nasty Memorial Day Tweet Criticizing US Troops,"CAIR S Zahra Billoo is so hateful! She Tweets out a nasty message every year about our troops on Memorial Day weekend. The Council for Islamic Relations (CAIR) has had a bigger and bigger presence and influence on communities across America. Don t dare criticize Islam or you get hammered by CAIR. They re counting on people to fear being called Islamophobic or other things For this reason, they usually bully their way to victory. Americans aren t used to this boldness so we cower and let them shame us. It s way past time to stand your ground and call things what they are. Just say no to bullying from CAIR!CAIR S ZAHRA BILLOO TWEETED IN 2014:A top Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) official took time out of her Memorial Day weekend to stand by her opposition to honoring fallen U.S. soldiers on the holiday and specifically took aim at Muslim-Americans who serve in the U.S. military.For the third year in a row, the executive director of CAIR s San Francisco Bay Area chapter, Zahra Billoo, bashed the U.S. military on the holiday in which we are supposed to thank them for their sacrifices.CAIR is a U.S. Muslim Brotherhood entity that was designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates in November. FBI wiretaps in 1993 reveal that CAIR was established to deceptively push the Islamist agenda. You can read more about CAIR s background here.Billoo stepped in hot water in 2014 when the Clarion Project broke the story about how she and other CAIR officials were suggesting that fallen U.S. soldiers shouldn t be honored on Memorial Day. The result was major media attention and outrage from Muslims honoring Memorial Day.She responded by retweeting a comment about supporting U.S. troops  who refuse service,  tweeting about U.S.  genocide,  rape within the military and accusing critics of sexism, racism and anti-Muslim bigotry.On Memorial weekend last year, Billoo again slandered the U.S. military and said servicemen often  murder  innocent civilians. She also equated Israel with ISIS.",Government News,"May 30, 2016",0
22144,22144,"Without Evidence, Trump Launches 59 Cruise Missiles, Destroying Syrian Air Force Base"," Last night President Donald Trump caved into the Pentagon, the political left, the Neoconservative pro-war lobby and mainstream media pressure to act after the release of YouTube videos produced by the US and UK-funded NGO the White Helmets   of an alleged  chemical weapons  attack by the Syrian Airforce in the al Qaeda stronghold of Idlib in Syria. Following the US missile strike, Al Qaeda leaders in Syria have hailed the move by Trump, expressing their gratitude for the US President s knee-jerk military action.Al Qaeda and ISIS supporters Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey have also expressed thanks to Trump for helping to degrade the Syrian military who have been fighting and winning against al Qaeda in Syria, ISIS and a host of other Gulf-sponsored terrorist groups operating in Syria.Salafist Jihadist group Ahrar al-Sham welcoming the strikes. Thanks America. pic.twitter.com/4PQzv1PVjw  Ali (@Ali_Kourani) April 7, 2017Trump s strike on Syria also helped ISIS who have been losing to the Syrian Army recently in the area of Homs and Palmyra.The Guardian confirms: Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched.It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons.There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the chemical weapons convention, and ignored the urging of the UN security council.Years of previous attempts at changing Assad s behaviour have all failed and failed very dramatically. There was an angry response in Russia, where the Kremlin warned that the strikes would cause  significant damage to US-Russia ties .NOTE: Tillerson has now gone so far as to blame Russia for  allowing  Syria to mount this attack They would act as the guarantor that these weapons would no longer be present in Syria. Clearly Russia has failed in its responsibility to deliver on that commitment from 2013. Either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent in its ability to deliver on its end of that agreement. SEE ALSO: Reviving the  Chemical Weapons  Lie: New US-UK Calls for Regime Change, Military Attack Against SyriaDespite the fact that no evidence, other than YouTube videos, that the Syrian government launched a chemical airstrikes in Idlib, the US government and the mainstream media are ignoring multiple evidential reports of  Rebels  (terrorists) holding and using chemical weapons in Syria.What was these Saudi dangerous chemicals doing in Qaeda depos in E Aleppo last year?! Let's ask CNN or BBC!! pic.twitter.com/g6WTWTgpl4  Fares Shehabi (@ShehabiFares) April 6, 2017Three years ago the same chemical rebels bombed the Akrama school in Homs! 45 kids were killed. No Nato barking at the UN! Hypocrisy! pic.twitter.com/UXZHbReoTc  Fares Shehabi (@ShehabiFares) April 5, 2017STAY TUNED FOR UPDATESREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",US_News,"April 7, 2017",0
43075,19573,France's Macron says mistake to pull out of Iran nuclear deal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said it would be a mistake to pull out of the 2015 nuclear pact between Iran and world powers after the Trump administration indicated it had objections to aspects of the deal.  According to me we have to keep the 2015 agreement because it was a good one,  Macron told reporters at the United Nations.  It would be a mistake to annul the nuclear agreement without anything else,  he said, and declined to say whether U.S. president Donald Trump had told him of his decision on whether to keep the United States as a party to the accord. ",worldnews,"September 20, 2017 ",1
3502,3502, Man Who Predicted Fall Of Soviet Union Has A Prediction About Trump Administration,"The United States as we know it is over   at least that s the prediction by Norwegian professor Johan Galtung, who s known as the man who predicted the collapse of the Soviet Union. Why is our country over? Because of Donald Trump.Galtung has been predicting the demise of the U.S. as a superpower since 2000. Back then, he said it would come in 2025. That was before George W. Bush took office, though. That presidency sped up the inevitable, according to Galtung, by five years. Trump s election is going to speed it up even more.He told Motherboard the election of Mr. Trump  speeds up the decline , although he qualified the statement, saying:  Of course, what he does as a President remains to be seen. Source: IndependentOne of the pressing issues with Trump is his nationalism, and in particular, his hostility toward NATO. The collapse has two faces,  Dr Galtung told the tech news site,  Other countries refuse to be good allies and the USA has to do the killing themselves, by bombing from high altitudes, drones steered by computer from an office, special forces killing all over the place. Both are happening today, except for Northern Europe, which supports these wars, for now. That will probably not continue beyond 2020, so I stand by that deadline. Naturally, not everyone agrees. Yet Xenia Wickett, who heads the US and Americas program at the think tank called Chatham House said that the mere fact that the United States has the largest military and some great universities will protect our superpower status for a long time.Remember, though, that this has been a year of odd predictions coming true. Despite the media and the predictions of nearly every pundit, one professor, a professor who has a track record of predicting elections, predicted Donald Trump would win.As for our military and intellectual prowess, well, Trump intends to boost military spending while decreasing tax collection. That is a quick way to bankruptcy. And, as this year s election has shown, we can no longer lay claim to intellectual superiority.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"December 8, 2016",0
16587,16587,NOT KIDDING! OBAMA Agrees To Turkey’s Demands…U.S. Troops Ordered To Wear Mark Of Islam On Right Arm,"This report is so outrageous that we could hardly believe it was true. Sadly, this is a true story. The idea that our troops would be told to wear an insignia that is pleasing to Islam is beyond the pale.Erdogan wants only the insignias that are pleasing to Islam to be placed on the right arm of all fighters. He has even dictated that American special forces are to wear on their arms Islamic symbols that resemble the mark of the beast we ve been speaking about for decades.Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said that he wants them to wear (get this) the mark of Islam from ISIS or Al-Nusra or Boko Haram: We advise them (US troops) to wear badges of Daesh (ISIS) or (Al-Qaeda affiliate) Al-Nusra when they go to other parts of Syria and badges of Boko Haram when they go to Africa,  Cavusoglu said with angry sarcasm as reported by Al-Arabiya with AFP and the Associated Press. What we are reporting here is confirmed.Erdogan of Turkey was upset that U.S. troops wore the YPG emblem and he got his way. In compliance, U.S. military commanders have ordered special operations troops in Syria to replace uniform patches which they were disguised with bearing the insignia of a controversial Kurdish rebel group known as the YPG.It is amazing that the U.S. quickly complied to Turkey s demands.  Wearing those YPG patches was unauthorized, and it was inappropriate and corrective action has been taken,  Army Col. Steve Warren, a Baghdad-based spokesman, told reporters Friday.  And we have communicated as much to our military partners and our military allies in the region. So which of these emblems will the Americans wear? We shall see. But last year American soldiers fighting against ISIS in Syria and Iraq were actually already wearing the emblem of the Muslim infamous two crossed swords (see below) as USA Today reported. So this Muslim two-crossed sword might be what they will put on their right arm in Syria. Via: Shoebat Unit insignia is important because it fosters esprit de corps,  said Army Col. Steve Warren, the spokesman for Operation Inherent Resolve.  The CJTF-OIR headquarters is made up of men and women from all services, many nations and many different units in the Army. This insignia will be worn by all of the Army members of the CJTF and may be authorized for wear by other services and nations according to their regulations. ",Government News,"May 31, 2016",0
30180,6678,Obama to hold press conference at White House on Friday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will hold a press conference at the White House on Friday at 2:15 p.m. ET (1915 GMT) before leaving for his annual family vacation in Hawaii, the White House said on Thursday. ",politicsNews,"December 15, 2016 ",1
29383,5881,U.S. judges limit Trump immigration order; some officials ignore rulings,"(Reuters) - U.S. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. However, lawyers representing people covered by the order said some authorities were unwilling on Sunday to follow the judges’ rulings. Judges in California, Massachusetts, Virginia and Washington state, each home to international airports, issued their rulings after a similar order was issued on Saturday night by U.S. District Judge Ann Donnelly in New York’s Brooklyn borough. Donnelly had ruled in a lawsuit by two men from Iraq being held at John F. Kennedy International Airport. While none of the rulings struck down Friday’s executive order by the new Republican president, the growing number of them could complicate the administration’s effort to enforce it. The rulings add to questions about the constitutionality of the order, said Andrew Pincus, a Mayer Brown partner representing two Yemeni men who were denied U.S. entry from an overseas flight despite being legal permanent residents. “People have gone through processes to obtain legal permanent resident status, or visas,” Pincus said. “There are serious questions about whether those rights, which were created by statute, can be unilaterally taken away without process.” Trump’s order halted travel by people with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, and stopped the resettlement of refugees for 120 days. He said these actions were needed “to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals admitted to the United States.” The order sparked a global backlash, including from U.S. allies that view the actions as discriminatory and divisive. Attorneys general from California, New York, 13 other states and Washington, D.C., meanwhile, in a statement condemned and pledged to fight what they called Trump’s “dangerous” and “unconstitutional” order. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security on Sunday said it “will comply with judicial orders,” while enforcing Trump’s order in a manner that ensures those entering the United States “do not pose a threat to our country or the American people.” Striking that balance has caused confusion, according to lawyers who worked overnight and on Sunday to help travelers at JFK Airport, Washington Dulles International Airport in northern Virginia, and elsewhere. Immigration lawyer Sharifa Abbasi said some Border Patrol agents at Dulles refused to let lawyers talk with detainees, even after being shown an order from U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema requiring such access. Abbasi said the agents instead told the lawyers to call their agency’s office, where no one was answering. “There is really no method to this madness,” Becca Heller, director of the New York-based International Refugee Assistance Project organization, told reporters on a conference call. Supporters of Trump’s order said authorities acted properly in swiftly taking steps to enforce it.  “It is better (to) be safe than sorry,” said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the conservative Center for Immigration Studies in Washington. Lawsuits on behalf of more than 100 individual travelers have been filed nationwide, activists and lawyers estimated. Some have come from large corporate firms including Mayer Brown, Kirkland & Ellis, and Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton. In Boston, U.S. District Judge Allison Burroughs on Sunday temporarily blocked the removal of two Iranians who have taught at the University of Massachusetts, and had been detained at the city’s Logan International Airport. Burroughs’ ruling appeared to go further than Donnelly’s by barring the detention, as well as the removal, of approved refugees, visa holders and permanent U.S. residents entering from the seven countries. Donnelly’s order forbade only removal. Matthew Segal, legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts, in a statement called Burroughs’ ruling “a huge victory for justice” in the face of what he called Trump’s “unconstitutional ban on Muslims.” The U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment guarantees the free exercise of religion. Trump’s order sought to prioritize refugees fleeing religious persecution, which the president said was aimed at helping Christians in Syria. Burroughs’ ruling also prompted some Trump critics to urge holders of green cards, which allow foreign nationals to live and work permanently in the United States, to fly into Boston, to lessen the risk of detainment. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said several times on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that Trump’s order does not affect green card holders “moving forward” or “going forward.” In a ruling on Sunday, U.S. District Judge Dolly Gee in Los Angeles directed the return to the United States of Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan, who authorities had sent back to his native Iran following Trump’s order.  The ruling from Brinkema, in Alexandria, Virginia, barred the Homeland Security agency from removing an estimated 50 to 60 legal permanent residents who had been detained at Dulles. In Seattle, U.S. District Judge Thomas Zilly barred the government from removing two people, who were not named in court papers. He scheduled a Feb. 3 hearing on whether to lift that stay. ",politicsNews,"January 29, 2017 ",1
33538,10036,Exclusive: Cruz about even with Trump in Republican presidential race - poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Ted Cruz’s support among Republicans is about even at a national level with party front-runner Donald Trump, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling, as the U.S. senator picked up a victory in Wisconsin’s primary. Cruz’s gains in the polling mark the first time since November that one of Trump’s rivals has threatened his lead in support among Republicans in the race to be party nominee for the Nov. 8 election. The gains coincided with a bumpy patch for Trump, who was forced to backtrack last week after saying women who had abortions should face punishment if the procedure is outlawed, and who voiced support for his campaign manager after he was charged with misdemeanor assault for allegedly grabbing a reporter.  Cruz, a senator from Texas, got 35.2 percent of support to Trump’s 39.5 percent, the poll of 568 Republicans taken April 1-5 found. The numbers put the two within the poll’s 4.8 percentage-point credibility interval, a measure of accuracy.  Cruz and Trump were also briefly about even early last week. But as recently as a month ago, when Senator Marco Rubio was also still a candidate, Cruz trailed Trump in the Reuters/Ipsos polling by about 20 points. Ohio Governor John Kasich, the only other candidate left in  the race for the Republican Party nomination, placed third in the April 1-5 poll with 18.7 percent. Trump’s support has faltered among women in particular in recent weeks. More than 70 percent of likely women voters said they had an “unfavorable” opinion of Trump, according to the rolling poll average for the five-day period ended April 5. In the Democratic race, front-runner Hillary Clinton held a nationwide lead in the poll of about 7 points over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Cruz and Sanders easily won their Wisconsin presidential primary contests on Tuesday night. Sanders would still face a difficult task overtaking Clinton as the nominating contest, but Cruz’s double-digit win over Trump was seen as a breakthrough for Republican Party forces battling to block him. ",politicsNews,"April 5, 2016 ",1
28338,4836,"Republicans revamp U.S. health bill, boost benefits to older Americans","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Republicans are working on changes to their healthcare overhaul bill to provide more generous tax credits for older Americans and add a work requirement for the Medicaid program for the poor, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Sunday. Ryan said Republican leaders still planned to bring the healthcare bill to a vote on the House of Representatives floor on Thursday. Speaking on the “Fox News Sunday” television program, he said leaders were working to address concerns that had been raised by rank-and-file Republicans to the legislation. Republicans remain deeply divided over the healthcare overhaul, which is President Donald Trump’s first major legislative initiative. It aims to fulfill his campaign pledge to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, the signature healthcare program of his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. Democrats say the Republican plan could throw millions off health insurance and hurt the elderly, poor and working families while giving tax cuts to the rich. “We think we should be offering even more assistance than the bill currently does” for lower-income people age 50 to 64, Ryan, the top Republican in Congress, said of the tax credits for health insurance that are proposed in the legislation. Ryan also said Republicans were working on changes that would allow federal block grants to states for Medicaid and permit states to impose a work requirement for able-bodied Medicaid recipients. Trump told reporters in a brief conversation aboard Air Force One that he had meetings about healthcare reform in Florida at the weekend and that the effort to sell the proposal was going well. He has been wooing lawmakers to vote for the bill and won the backing of a dozen conservative lawmakers on Friday after an Oval Office meeting in which the president endorsed a work requirement and block-grant option for Medicaid. Trump is set to meet Ezekiel Emanuel, a health policy special adviser under Obama who helped shape the Affordable Care Acton, at the White House on Monday, along with Ryan and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price. Block grants would give states a set amount of money to cover people on the Medicaid program and provide flexibility in spending decisions. However, there is no guarantee funding would keep up with future demands. While Ryan said he felt “very good” about the health bill’s prospects in the House, a leading conservative lawmaker, Representative Mark Meadows, told the C-Span “Newsmakers” program that there were currently 40 Republican “no” votes in the House. Republicans hold a majority in the chamber but cannot afford to have more than 21 defections for the measure to pass.  Meadows and two other Republican opponents of the bill, Senators Mike Lee of Utah and Ted Cruz of Texas, met at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida on Saturday “negotiating with the president’s team, trying to fix this bill,” Cruz told CBS’ “Face the Nation.” North Carolina Republican Meadows said the changes being considered for the Medicaid program would not go far enough if they left it up to states to decide whether to put in place a work requirement. Price acknowledged the tough negotiations, telling ABC’s “This Week”: “It’s a fine needle that needs to be thread, there’s no doubt about it.”   The healthcare bill would face significant challenges in the Senate even if it were to pass the House. Senator Tom Cotton, a conservative Arkansas Republican, said the bill would not reduce premiums for people on the private insurance market. “It’s fixable, but it’s going to take a lot of work,” Cotton said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” Moderate Republicans have also expressed concerns about the bill, and their worries are often not the same as that of conservatives. Speaking on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine worried the bill would harm older Americans, and shift Medicaid costs to states - something critics say a block-grant approach would only make worse. Collins said coverage issues must also be dealt with, citing a report from the Congressional Budget Office that said 14 million people would lose health coverage under the House bill over the next year and 24 million over the next decade. Affordability has been one of the bigger concerns that insurers and hospital groups have raised about the legislation. To the extent that a change in tax credits makes healthcare more affordable for some people, insurers and hospitals could stand to benefit. The BlueCross BlueShield Association emphasized the need for the replacement to be affordable when the draft of the healthcare bill was released earlier this month. The association represents BCBS insurers that cover the vast majority of the roughly 10 million people enrolled in 2017 Obamacare plans.",politicsNews,"March 19, 2017 ",1
41022,17520,A picture and its story: tear gas in Nairobi,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - In a dramatic picture, Kenyan opposition lawmaker Caleb Amisi Luyai leans through the window of his car as tear gas billows out, police having fired it at a convoy of opposition politicians in Nairobi on Oct. 13. Police acted to prevent the politicians from entering the center of the capital to enforce a ban on staging political protests there ahead of a repeat presidential election. Kenya is holding a re-vote on Oct. 26 after the Supreme Court threw out the result of an election in August won by incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta. His opponent, Raila Odinga, is boycotting the repeat, arguing that it should not be held until wide-ranging reforms are adopted to prevent another failed vote. For Reuters photographer Baz Ratner, who took the image,  the main challenge is how to cover the story when the protests are moving very fast in a few different focal points around Nairobi . Ratner had ridden just ahead of the opposition convoy on his motorcycle when tear gas canisters were fired.  I stopped on the side of the road and put on my gas mask when I noticed one of the cars was engulfed in smoke. It was moving forward slowly, while I ran towards it as I took a few photos.  Ratner did not recognize the driver, Luyai, an opposition member of parliament, but saw him leaning out of the window and gesturing.  I helped him open the door. I walked to the other side where other people who were in the car were lying on the floor. Very quickly, the car drove away,  Ratner said. ",worldnews,"October 13, 2017 ",1
18987,18987,HILARIOUS! Look Who LIBERAL Middlebury Professor Is Blaming After She Was Sent To Hospital By Angry Mob Of Leftist Students,"Two weeks ago at Middlebury College, Charles Murray needed a safe space   literally.In a significant escalation of the campus speech wars, protesters hooted down the conservative scholar in a lecture hall and then roughed up a Middlebury faculty member escorting him to a car.The Middlebury administration commendably tried to do the right thing and stand by Murray s right to be heard, but was overwhelmed by a yowling mob with all the manners and intellectual openness of a gang of British soccer hooligans.The students who brought in Charles Murray framed the evening as  an invitation to argue,  and in that spirit asked Professor Allison Stanger, a Democrat in good standing, to serve as Murray s interlocutor. When chanting students commandeered the lecture hall, Stanger and Murray repaired to another room for a livestreamed discussion.Protesters found the room and pounded on the windows and pulled fire alarms. When Murray and Stanger exited at the end of the livestream and headed for their getaway car, protesters assailed them. They shoved and grabbed Stanger, who was shaken up and later went to the hospital, and pounded on the car and tried to obstruct it. She was recently diagnosed with a concussion that she suffered during the liberal beating by Middlebury students.Stanger wrote afterward that she  feared for my life. And for what offense? Talking to someone who thinks differently than the average Middleburg faculty member or student.Allison Stanger invited Charles Murray, famous for The Bell Curve, to speak at the school. Students were so outraged Murray had to flee for his life, and Stanger got beaten up. Her response?It s Trump s fault!During the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution, student Red Guards forced professors to make self-confessions. This situation was clearly different, however, as most of the students were not Chinese.Stanger is smart. She doesn t have to deal with Donald Trump at her school, but she does have to deal with her fellow leftist faculty members and leftist students. She s trying to make kissy-kissy with them so they don t smack her in the head again.If I were in her position, I d probably do the same thing. On the other hand, Vermont is a concealed carry state, so maybe there could be another option when faced with a life-threatening leftist mob.Exit question:1) When someone goes to an emergency room with throbbing head pains and a hardcore leftist worldview, how can an E.R. doctor determine whether the patient has a head injury or simply a very rigid ideological point of view?   American ThinkerSo in summary, the leftist professor who s made it her mission to indoctrinate Middlebury students, is now blaming President Trump because those same students she encouraged to think and behave like leftists, behaved in a way that is compatible with how leftists behave.  Using  violence and threatening behavior to get your way and drown out the opposing voices is nothing new for leftists, they ve just taken it a significant notch since Obama took office 8 years ago.  ",left-news,"Mar 14, 2017",0
5143,5143, Fareed Zakaria Delivers EVEN MORE Examples Of Trump Being A ‘Bullsh*t Artist’ (VIDEO),"CNN s Fareed Zakaria recently caused a bit of a media firestorm when he decided to deliver his analysis of Donald Trump bluntly, calling him a  bullshit artist  on live television.  Now, Zakaria has a new segment where he explains the reason behind his use of the word and provides more examples as to why Trump is oh so deserving of the label.  Zakariah also says that he does not use the term lightly. I was asked by CNN to make one more case where Donald Trump had said something demonstrably false and then explained it away with a caustic tweet and an indignant interview. I replied that there was a pattern here, and there is a term for a person who did this kind of thing, a bullshit artist. I was not using that label casually, and in case you have sensitive ears, I m going to use it a few more times. At that point in the segment, Zakaria explains that he was borrowing the term from Harry Frankfurt s classic essay,  On Bullshit    rather than just using it as a derogatory descriptor in the colloquial sense.Zakaria then delves into more examples of Trump s bullshit artistry, including his promise that he will flip blue states red, without giving any inclination as to how he intends on doing so. Harry Frankfurt concluded that liars and truth-tellers are acutely aware of facts and truth. The bullshit artist, however, has lost all connection with reality.  By virtue of this, Frankfurt writes, bullshit is a greater enemy of the truth than lies are,  Zakaria says.You can watch the segment in its entirety below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYEzqUZ9UyAFeatured image from video screenshot",News,"August 7, 2016",0
42489,18987,Co-leader of Germany's far-right AfD to quit in major blow,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Frauke Petry, co-leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany, said on Tuesday she was leaving the party in a major blow to its credibility just two days after it surged to third place in a national election. The anti-immigrant AfD won 12.6 percent of the vote in Germany s election on Sunday, becoming the third-largest group in parliament and the first from the far-right to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s.  Petry, the highest-profile figure in the AfD s more moderate wing, had shocked other senior members by saying on Monday she would not sit with the AfD in the Bundestag (lower house) but rather as an independent member of parliament. Her husband, another senior AfD figure, is also leaving the party.   We tried to change course but you have to realize when you reach a point when that is no longer possible,  Petry, a 42-year-old chemist, told reporters in the eastern city of Dresden.  I have five children for whom I am responsible and ultimately you have to be able to look yourself in the mirror.  Petry has clashed with other senior members, arguing for the party to take a more moderate course to make it possible for it to join a coalition government. Her husband, Marcus Pretzell - head of the AfD in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) and also an MP in the European Parliament - is quitting the party and will become an independent MP, a spokesman for the AfD in NRW said. The spokesman said Pretzell and another AfD lawmaker in NRW s regional assembly who is also leaving the party had made the decision for reasons of  personal integrity . On Monday, four of the 17 AfD lawmakers in the assembly of the eastern state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern announced they were bolting because the party had become more radical. Europe s far-right parties have a history of infighting among their various factions. Marine Le Pen, leader of France s National Front, last week lost her deputy over policy differences.  Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel, the AfD s top candidates during the election campaign, were elected as chairs of the party s parliamentary group on Tuesday. Gauland is a supporter of Bjoern Hoecke, a senior AfD member who has courted controversy by denying that Adolf Hitler was  absolutely evil  and calling Berlin s Holocaust Memorial a  monument of shame . Weidel was originally an opponent of Hoecke but has not been so critical of him lately. Weidel said she did not expect other lawmakers to quit the party but added:  We ll have to see. The step surprised us all, but there are not yet any trends recognizable in the future parliamentary group.  Senior AfD member Dirk Driesang, who in July founded a moderate group within the AfD called the  Alternative Centre , with which Petry was said to sympathize, told news magazine Der Spiegel that the group could not understand Petry s decision and would not be following in her footsteps. He said the group would continue to fight for the AfD to take a moderate course and added that  a spin-off from the AfD is a stillbirth . Driesang pointed to the example of Bernd Lucke, who founded the AfD then left in 2015 due to what he saw as rising xenophobia and then formed a new, unsuccessful party. Petry was the most recognizable face in the AfD during its swift rise over the past two years. But she said on Monday she could not stand with an  anarchistic party  that lacked a credible plan to govern. For months, Petry has urged the AfD to soften its stance and prepare to join coalition governments, while others wanted the party to stick to opposition. Mainstream parties refuse to work with the AfD. She had also distanced herself from some of the AfD s more radical senior members, saying their comments were putting voters off. Gauland caused a scandal during the election campaign by saying Germans should be proud of their World War Two soldiers. He also said the integration minister should be  disposed of  in Turkey, where her parents come from. As the AfD convened in Berlin on Tuesday for its first parliamentary group meeting, Gauland said discussions in the Bundestag would not echo those of the party s campaign.  It s clear that the talks during the campaign are different to those held in parliament,  he said.   ",worldnews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
11992,11992,HE WAS SO CLOSE: We Were “Obamerica”…We Were More Tolerant…More Guilty…The End Of The 1st And 2nd Amendments Were Only A Clever Campaign Away…And Then America Woke Up,"Obama and his supporters loved talking about history. His victory was historic. They were on the right side of history. History was an inevitable arc that bent their way.The tidal force of demographics had made the old America irrelevant. Any progressive policy agenda was now possible because we were no longer America. We Were Obamerica. A hip, happening place full of smiling gay couples, Muslim women in hijab and transgender actors. We were all going to live in a New York City coffee house, work at Green Jobs and live in the post-national future.The past was gone. We were falling into the gorgeous wonderful future of dot com instant deliveries and outsourced everything. We would become more tolerant and guilty. The future was Amazon and Disney. It was hot and cold running social justice. The Bill of Rights was done. Ending the First and Second Amendments was just a clever campaign away. Narratives on news sites drove everything.Presidents were elected by Saturday Night Live skits. John Oliver, John Stewart, Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee were our journalists. Safe spaces were everywhere and you better watch your micro-aggressions, buddy. No more coal would be mined. No more anything would be made.The end of men was here. The end of the dead white men of the literary canon. The end of white people. The end of binary gender and marriage. The end of reason. The end of art. The end of 2 + 2 equaling 4. This was Common Core time. It was time to pardon an endless line of drug dealers. To kill cops and praise criminals. To be forced to buy worthless health insurance for wealth redistribution to those who voted their way to wealth.This was Obama s America. And there was no going back. We were rushing through endless goal posts of social transformation. The military fell. Then the police. Now it looks as quaint as anything from the 50s, the 70s or the 80s. A brief moment of foolishness that already appears odd and awkward. And then one day nostalgic. It wasn t the future. It s already the past. It s history.Scalia died. Hillary Clinton was bound to win. And she would define the Supreme Court. Down-ticket races would give her a friendly Senate. And then perhaps even the House.But there is no right side of history. There is only the side we choose. The Obama era was permanent. It was history.Now it is history.Its shocking ascendancy has been paired with an equally shocking descent. The Obama era is done. It s gone. It s over. It was wiped from the pages of history in one night that left Congress and the White House in Republican hands.It would have been bad enough if Jeb Bush had succeeded Obama. That would have been inconvenient, but not a repudiation. Instead Obama s legacy was dashed to pieces. His frantic efforts to campaign for Hillary did no good. The public did not vocally reject him. What they did was even worse. They brushed past him. They sidelined him. They gave him passable approval ratings while dismissing his biggest accomplishments. They forgot him. They made it clear that he did not matter.And that is in its own way far more brutal and wounding. They didn t just destroy the Obama era. Instead they dismissed it as if it never existed.Obama didn t make history after all. He wasn t a teleprompter demi-god standing athwart of history. He was Carter and Ford. He was there to be forgotten. He didn t change the world. He wasn t the messiah. He was merely a mortal. Just another politician who will sag and age. Who will, in the end, be photographed like Bill Clinton, lonely and lost in a world that has passed him by.The Obama era ends not with a bang, but with a whimper. With a national consensus that maybe he didn t really matter so much after all. And those to whom he mattered the most were his enemies determined to undo everything he did.Obama once thought that he belonged to the ages. Now he belongs in the rubbish bin.By Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. ",politics,"Jan 5, 2017",0
42004,18502,"Bangladesh, Myanmar agree to draw up plan for refugee repatriation: minister","DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh and Myanmar agreed on Monday to set up a  working group  to plan the repatriation of more than half a million Rohingya Muslim refugees who have fled to Bangladesh to escape an army crackdown, the Bangladeshi foreign minister said. The United Nations has called the exodus of 507,000 Rohingya since late August the world s fastest-developing refugee emergency, and says Buddhist-majority Myanmar is engaging in ethnic cleansing against its Rohingya Muslim minority. Myanmar denies that. It says its forces are battling Rohingya  terrorists  who triggered the latest wave of violence with coordinated attacks on the security forces on Aug. 25. Myanmar says more than 500 people have been killed since, most of them insurgents, whom it has accused of attacking civilians and setting most of the fires that have reduced to ashes more than half of more than 400 Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine State. Bangladesh Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali said he and Myanmar official Kyaw Tint Swe had agreed in their talks to set up the working group to draw up plans for repatriation.  We are looking forward to a peaceful solution to the crisis,  Ali told reporters.  Kyaw Tint Swe did not speak to the media and government spokesmen in Myanmar were not immediately available for comment. Waves of Rohingya have taken refuge in Bangladesh over the years complaining of persecution, in particular in the late 1970s, the early 1990s and in October last year, following smaller insurgent attacks on the security forces. The neighbors have agreed on repatriation plans before, but the fundamental problem - the status of Rohingya in Myanmar - remains unsettled. The Rohingya are denied citizenship and classified as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots in Myanmar that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and subjected to bouts of communal violence over the years. Ali, asked about agreements in the past having little impact, said:  This time we want to be hopeful.  In Geneva, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told a meeting problems of statelessness had to be tackled.  Nowhere is the link between statelessness and displacement more evident than with the Rohingya community,  he said. The crisis over the treatment of the Rohingya is the biggest problem Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has had to face since forming a government last year after winning a landmark 2015 election. The Nobel peace laureate, in an address to the nation last month, said Myanmar was ready to start a verification process under a 1993 agreement with Bangladesh and  refugees from this country will be accepted without any problem . But many refugees are gloomy about the prospects of going back, fearing they will not be able to furnish the documents they anticipate Myanmar will demand to prove they have a right to return. Myanmar has refused to grant access to a U.N. fact-finding mission but Suu Kyi last year appointed a team led by former U.N. secretary-general Kofi Annan to draw up recommendations on solving problems in Rakhine. The commission presented its recommendations on Aug. 24, a day before the insurgent attacks, among them a review of a law that links citizenship and ethnicity and leaves most Rohingya stateless. The panel also recommended that the government punish rights violations, ensure the right to freedom of movement and invest in infrastructure to lift the state out of poverty. Suu Kyi, in her address to the nation last month, said she was committed to the recommendations. There were already about 300,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh before the latest exodus. In Myanmar, the government took a group of diplomats and senior U.N. officials to Rakhine to let them see the situation.  Maungdaw feels like a ghost town,  Swiss ambassador Paul Seger said on Twitter, as he arrived in a main town in the north of Rakhine. Myanmar has blocked most aid workers and the media from the area, despite calls from Western countries for access to deal with what aid groups fear is an unfolding humanitarian crisis. The diplomats were taken to various places including the Rohingya village of Ah Nauk Pyin, which Reuters reported last month was cut off and threatened by hostile Rakhine Buddhist neighbors. An itinerary of the trip referred to the report. After the visit, the United Nations repeated a call for an end to the violence, for access to the conflict zone for aid workers and for the safe return of refugees.   The U.N. delegation reiterated the need for a greater access for humanitarian and human rights actors to conduct comprehensive assessments the situation,  it said in a statement. It also said the media should have access. Suu Kyi has been accused by Western critics of not speaking out strongly enough on behalf of the long-persecuted minority and of defending the army action. She has no power over security policy under a military-drafted constitution. ",worldnews,"October 2, 2017 ",1
